1	The lacrimal canaliculi, (sing. [SEP] The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
1	Psychopathy, also known as sociopathy, is traditionally defined as a personality disorder characterized by persistent antisocial behavior, impaired empathy and remorse, and bold, disinhibited, egotistical traits. [SEP] The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
1	The 1918 New Year Honours were appointments by King George V to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of the British Empire. [SEP] Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
1	In Norse mythology, Fimbulvetr (or fimbulvinter), commonly rendered in English as Fimbulwinter, is the immediate prelude to the events of Ragnarök. [SEP] Yet the act is still charming here .
1	Catherine Howard (circa – ) was Queen of England from 1540 until 1541, as the fifth wife of Henry VIII. [SEP] Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
1	Conscience is an aptitude, faculty, intuition or judgment that assists in distinguishing right from wrong. [SEP] Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
1	The Cyrillic script is a writing system used for various alphabets across Eastern Europe and north and central Asia. [SEP] Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
1	Institutional Anti-Catholicism in the United Kingdom has its origins in the English and Irish Reformations under King Henry VIII and the Scottish Reformation led by John Knox. [SEP] a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
1	Nicholas Edward "Nick" Cave (born 22 September 1957) is an Australian musician, songwriter, author, screenwriter, composer and occasional film actor. [SEP] `` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
1	Helen Maxine Lamond Reddy (born 25 October 1941) is an Australian singer, actress, and activist. [SEP] Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
1	A shipping line is a business that transports cargo aboard ships. [SEP] Dramas like this make it human .
1	Pigeon Post is an English children's adventure novel by Arthur Ransome, published by Jonathan Cape in 1936. [SEP] Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
1	There are hundreds of monarchies in Africa, defined as either actually or nominally self-governing states, territories, or nations on the continent of Africa where supreme power resides with an individual who is recognized as the head of state. [SEP] Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
1	The 2009 Brit Awards ceremony took place on Wednesday 18 February 2009. [SEP] You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
1	Star-Lord (Peter Quill) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. [SEP] Absorbing character study by André Turpin .
1	Mike or Michael Todd may refer to: [SEP] If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
1	Brixworth is a village and civil parish in the Daventry district of Northamptonshire, England. [SEP] You 'll probably love it .
1	A fixed-wing aircraft is an aircraft, such as an aeroplane, which is capable of flight using wings that generate lift caused by the vehicle's forward airspeed and the shape of the wings. [SEP] `` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
1	Michael Williams is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Sandy Winton. [SEP] Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
1	John Lombe (1693 in Norwich – November 20, 1722 in Derby) was a silk spinner in the 18th century Derby, England. [SEP] The actors are fantastic .
1	Rimmel (commonly known as Rimmel London) is a British-manufactured cosmetics brand, now owned by Coty, Inc. [SEP] They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
1	Incidence in epidemiology is a measure of the probability of occurrence of a given medical condition in a population within a specified period of time. [SEP] -LRB- Taymor -RRB- utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
0	The Shippingport Atomic Power Station was (according to the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission) the world’s first full-scale atomic electric power plant devoted exclusively to peacetime uses.Though Obninsk Nuclear Power Plant was connected to the Moscow Grid in 1954 and was the first nuclear reactor that produced commercial electricity, it can still be considered a small scale station designed principally to carry out nuclear experiments. [SEP] This is n't a new idea .
1	Pauline Monica Mole (or Pauline Hilda, depending on the book) (née Sugden, previously Muffet and Braithwaite) is a fictional character from the Adrian Mole series, written by Sue Townsend. [SEP] It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
1	James Grieve is an old variety of apple. [SEP] -LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
1	Tarja Kaarina Halonen (; born 24 December 1943) is a Finnish politician who was the 11th President of Finland, serving from 2000 to 2012. [SEP] What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
1	Metheringham is a village and civil parish in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. [SEP] Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
1	Events [SEP] But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
1	Springbank distillery is one of the last surviving producers of Campbeltown Single Malts. [SEP] Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
1	In medicine, a disease is considered asymptomatic if a patient is a carrier for a disease or infection but experiences no symptoms. [SEP] Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
1	A cornice (from the Italian cornice meaning "ledge") is generally any horizontal decorative molding that crowns a building or furniture element— the cornice over a door or window, for instance, or the cornice around the top edge of a pedestal or along the top of an interior wall. [SEP] ... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB- and witty updatings -LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-
1	In science studies, the social process of blackboxing is based on the abstract notion of a black box. [SEP] There 's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También .
1	This is a list of fictional characters in the Ghostbusters universe. [SEP] Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
1	The white lion is a rare color mutation of the Timbavati area. [SEP] `` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
0	Central London is the innermost part of London, England. [SEP] ... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
1	The British period police drama Heartbeat ran from 1992 to 2010. [SEP] feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
1	The accolade (also known as dubbing or adoubement) was the central act in the rite of passage ceremonies conferring knighthood in the Middle Ages. [SEP] `` Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
0	Lumberjacks are workers in the logging industry who perform the initial harvesting and transport of trees for ultimate processing into forest products. [SEP] Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
1	Zooey Claire Deschanel (; born January 17, 1980) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. [SEP] But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
1	A turban (from Persian دولبند‌, dulband; via Middle French turbant) is a type of headwear based on cloth winding. [SEP] García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .
1	National Assembly for Wales constituencies and electoral regions were first used for the 1999 elections. [SEP] ... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
1	John Benbow (10 March 1653 – 4 November 1702) was an English officer in the Royal Navy. [SEP] -LRB- City -RRB- reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year .
1	The Oath of office of the President of the United States is the oath or affirmation that the President of the United States takes after assuming the presidency but before he or she begins the execution of the office. [SEP] The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
1	The Monterey International Pop Music Festival was a three-day concert event held June 16 to June 18, 1967 at the Monterey County Fairgrounds in Monterey, California. [SEP] `` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme .
1	Mister Fantastic (Reed Richards) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. [SEP] For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
1	A Most Wanted Man is a 2014 British espionage thriller film based on the novel of the same name by John le Carré, directed by Anton Corbijn and written by Andrew Bovell. [SEP] It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
1	In Chinese tradition, certain numbers are believed by some to be auspicious (吉利) or inauspicious (不利) based on the Chinese word that the number name sounds similar to. [SEP] A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
1	The Irish Houses of Parliament (), also known as the Irish Parliament House, today called the Bank of Ireland, College Green, due to its use by the bank, was the world's first purpose-built two-chamber parliament house. [SEP] A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode .
1	The zabulon skipper (Poanes zabulon) (sometimes called the southern dimorphic skipperJames A. Scott (1986). [SEP] It has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
1	Bees are flying insects closely related to wasps and ants, known for their role in pollination and, in the case of the best-known bee species, the European honey bee, for producing honey and beeswax. [SEP] An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
1	Go West is an English pop duo, formed in 1982 by lead vocalist Peter Cox (born 17 November 1955, Kingston, Surrey, England); and rhythm guitarist and backup vocalist Richard Drummie (born 20 March 1959, Twickenham, Middlesex, England). [SEP] -LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
1	Hydroplane racing (also known as hydro racing) is a sport involving racing hydroplanes on lakes and rivers. [SEP] A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
0	The Armed Forces of Bolivia (Spanish: Fuerzas Armadas de Bolivia) are official organizations responsible for the defence, both of external aggression and internal Bolivia. [SEP] The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
0	Dissociative identity disorder (DID), previously known as multiple personality disorder (MPD), is a mental disorder on the dissociative spectrum characterized by the appearance of at least two distinct and relatively enduring identities or dissociated personality states that alternately show in a person's behavior, accompanied by memory impairment for important information not explained by ordinary forgetfulness. [SEP] It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
1	"How Deep Is the Ocean " is a popular song written by Irving Berlin in 1932, and can be heard in the background of the 1933 film The Life of Jimmy Dolan. [SEP] A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
1	Events from the year 1930 in the United Kingdom. [SEP] `` Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
1	Hayley Catherine Rose Vivien Mills (born 18 April 1946) is an English actress. [SEP] I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
1	Nepal, officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal, is a landlocked sovereign state located in South Asia. [SEP] For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
1	The yellow ribbon is used for various symbolic purposes. [SEP] What 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
0	Prince Ali Salman Aga Khan (13 June 1911 – 12 May 1960), known as Aly Khan, was a son of Sultan Mahommed Shah, Aga Khan III, the leader of the Nizārī Ismā'īlī Muslims, a sect of Shia Islam, and the father of Aga Khan IV. [SEP] An absurdist spider web .
1	Bournemouth Football Club is an English football team currently playing in the Wessex League Premier Division, in the ninth tier of the English football league system. [SEP] If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
1	East Coker is the second poem of T. S. Eliot's Four Quartets. [SEP] Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
1	The Firebird (; , Zhar-ptitsa) is a ballet by the Russian composer Igor Stravinsky, written for the 1910 Paris season of Sergei Diaghilev's Ballets Russes, with choreography by Michel Fokine. [SEP] Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
1	Melencolia I is a 1514 engraving by the German Renaissance master Albrecht Dürer. [SEP] It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
1	The Yoruba people () are an ethnic group of Southwestern and North central Nigeria as well as Southern and Central Benin known as the Yorubaland cultural region of West Africa. [SEP] This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
1	The yard (abbreviation: yd) is an English unit of length, in both the British imperial and US customary systems of measurement, that comprises 3 feet or 36 inches. [SEP] More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
1	"Get the Party Started" is a song by American recording artist Pink, and was the first single from her second album titled Missundaztood (2001). [SEP] The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
1	Agriculture is a major industry in the United States, which is a net exporter of food. [SEP] The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
1	Pablo Sciuto is a Uruguayan musician and composer born in the city of Montevideo, with nine released albums where he combines rhythms like “Indie Pop”, Jazz, Bossa Nova and Candombe with an electronic sound. [SEP] Certainly the performances are worthwhile .
1	Python molurus is a large nonvenomous python species found in many tropic and subtropic areas of South Asia and Southeast Asia. [SEP] Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
1	The October Revolution (), officially known in the Soviet literature as the Great October Socialist Revolution (), and commonly referred to as Red October, the October Uprising or the Bolshevik Revolution, was a seizure of state power instrumental in the larger Russian Revolution of 1917. [SEP] Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
1	In telecommunications, transmission (abbreviation: Tx) is the process of sending and propagating an analogue or digital information signal over a physical point-to-point or point-to-multipoint transmission medium, either wired, optical fiber or wireless. [SEP] Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece
1	Spunky Puddle is a ghost town in Clark County, Ohio, United States.The First Lady of the United States (FLOTUS), is an unofficial title and position traditionally held by the wife of the President of the United States, concurrent with the president's term of office. [SEP] Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
1	The Four Corners is a region of the United States consisting of the southwestern corner of Colorado, southeastern corner of Utah, northeastern corner of Arizona, and northwestern corner of New Mexico. [SEP] Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
1	The plays written by English poet, playwright, and actor William Shakespeare (1564 – 1616) have the reputation of being among the greatest in the English language and in Western literature. [SEP] Allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
1	"The Galaxy Being" is the first episode of the original The Outer Limits television show. [SEP] A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
0	Raffles Hotel is a colonial-style luxury hotel in Singapore. [SEP] By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
1	Family Plot is a 1976 American dark comedy/thriller film that was the final film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. [SEP] I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
1	Kimberley Gail Marsh (formerly Ryder and Lomas; born 13 June 1976) is an English actress and former singer and songwriter, best known for playing Michelle Connor in Coronation Street. [SEP] A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
1	Sir Nikolaus Bernhard Leon Pevsner CBE FBA (30 January 1902 – 18 August 1983), was a German, later British scholar of history of art and, especially, of history of architecture. [SEP] High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
1	Andrew "Andy" Abraham (born 16 July 1964 in North London, England) is a British singer. [SEP] If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
1	Skuleskogen National Park () is a Swedish national park in Västernorrland County, on the coast of the Baltic Sea, in northern Sweden. [SEP] I will be .
1	Stetson is a brand of hat manufactured by the John B. Stetson Company. [SEP] It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
1	Ghost crabs are semiterrestrial crabs of the subfamily Ocypodinae. [SEP] The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
1	The Leine (Old Saxon Lagina) is a river in Thuringia and Lower Saxony, Germany. [SEP] It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
1	The 1932 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the X Olympiad, was a major worldwide multi-athletic event which was celebrated in 1932 in Los Angeles, California, United States. [SEP] Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
1	Twickenham Stoop Stadium (informally referred to as The Stoop) is a sports stadium located in south-west London, England. [SEP] Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .
1	Dave Dee (born David John Harman; 17 December 1941 – 9 January 2009) was an English singer-songwriter, musician, A&R manager, fundraiser and businessman. [SEP] Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
1	Michael Anthony P. Ashcroft, Baron Ashcroft, (born 4 March 1946) is a businessman and politician. [SEP] She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
1	The Virgin and the Gypsy is a short novel (or novella) by English author D. H. Lawrence. [SEP] One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
1	Rodinia (from the Russian "Родина", ródina, meaning "The Motherland") is a Neoproterozoic supercontinent that was assembled 1.3–0.9 billion years ago and broke up 750–600 million years ago. [SEP] The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
1	Bedtime for Bonzo is a 1951 comedy film directed by Fred de Cordova, starring Ronald Reagan, Diana Lynn, and Peggy as Bonzo. [SEP] Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
1	Clerical clothing is non-liturgical clothing worn exclusively by clergy. [SEP] Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .
1	Gal Gadot ( ; ; born 30 April 1985) is an Israeli actress and model. [SEP] Familiar but utterly delightful .
1	The third degree is a euphemism for torture ("inflicting of pain, physical or mental, to extract confessions or statements"). [SEP] A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
1	Sharp's Brewery is a British regional brewery company founded in 1994 in St Minver Lowlands, Rock, Cornwall, by Bill Sharp. [SEP] The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
1	The People vs. Larry Flynt is a 1996 American biographical drama film directed by Miloš Forman and starring Woody Harrelson, Courtney Love, and Edward Norton. [SEP] The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
1	"Skyscraper" is a song performed by American singer Demi Lovato for her third studio album Unbroken (2011). [SEP] The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
1	This is a list of major whistleblowers from various countries. [SEP] While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
1	Martha Beatrice Webb, Baroness Passfield (née Potter; 22 January 1858 – 30 April 1943), was an English sociologist, economist, socialist, labour historian and social reformer. [SEP] As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
1	Pearl Mae Bailey (March 29, 1918 – August 17, 1990) was an American actress and singer. [SEP] In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
1	Tar Heel is a nickname applied to the U.S. state of North Carolina and its inhabitants. [SEP] Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .
1	The Communist Party of Czechoslovakia (Czech and Slovak: Komunistická strana Československa, KSČ) was a Communist and Marxist–Leninist political party in Czechoslovakia that existed between 1921 and 1992. [SEP] From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .
1	Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends (commonly abbreviated as Foster's) is an American animated television series created by Craig McCracken for Cartoon Network Studios. [SEP] Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
1	Crossroads of the World has been called America's first outdoor shopping mall. [SEP] that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
1	The Vought F4U Corsair is an American fighter aircraft that saw service primarily in World War II and the Korean War. [SEP] Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
1	Monroy is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain. [SEP] The movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
1	Psalm 90 is the 90th psalm from the Book of Psalms. [SEP] imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
1	The Who concert disaster occurred on 3 December 1979 when British rock band the Who performed at Riverfront Coliseum in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, and resulted in the deaths of eleven people. [SEP] Too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB- than Pink Floyd tickets .
1	Creel is a type of small wicker basket mainly used by anglers to hold fish or other prey. [SEP] It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
0	Il Postino: The Postman () is a 1994 Italian film directed by Michael Radford. [SEP] It 's not a great monster movie .
1	Obstructed labour, also known as labour dystocia, is when, even though the uterus is contracting normally, the baby does not exit the pelvis during childbirth due to being physically blocked. [SEP] Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
1	#redirect Polish People's Republic"Human" is a song recorded by British synthpop band The Human League, and released as the first single from their 1986 album Crash. [SEP] Miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
1	The Egyptian pound ( ' or in Alexandrian accent: ') (sign: E£ or ; customary abbreviation LE; code: EGP) is the currency of Egypt. [SEP] Time Out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
1	The Church of England is the established Christian church in England and the mother church of the worldwide Anglican Communion. [SEP] It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
1	Confessionalism ( muḥāṣaṣah ṭā’ifīyah) is a system of government that refers to de jure mix of religion and politics. [SEP] Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .
1	The Saunders-Roe A.36 Lerwick was a British flying boat built by Saunders-Roe Limited (Saro). [SEP] It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
1	Jane Therese Curtin (born September 6, 1947) is an American actress and comedian. [SEP] The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
1	Noss is a small, previously inhabited island in Shetland, Scotland. [SEP] What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
1	The 1960s featured a number of diverse trends. [SEP] Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .
1	An axle is a central shaft for a rotating wheel or gear. [SEP] A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
1	The following is a list of Lord Chancellors and Lord Keepers of the Great Seal of England and Great Britain. [SEP] By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
1	"The Spanish Inquisition" is a series of sketches in Monty Python's Flying Circus, Series 2 Episode 2, first broadcast 22 September 1970, parodying the real-life Spanish Inquisition. [SEP] ... very funny , very enjoyable ...
1	The Temple in Jerusalem or Holy Temple (, Modern: Bet HaMikdash, Tiberian: Beṯ HamMiqdāš, Ashkenazi: Beis HaMikdosh; : Beit al-Quds or بيت المقدس: Bait-ul-Muqaddas; Ge'ez: ቤተ መቅደስ: Betä Mäqdäs) was any of a series of structures which were located on the Temple Mount in the Old City of Jerusalem, the current site of the Dome of the Rock. [SEP] Adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
1	Slate is an English-language online current affairs, politics and culture magazine in the United States created in 1996 by former New Republic editor Michael Kinsley, initially under the ownership of Microsoft as part of MSN. [SEP] So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
1	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebral skeleton. [SEP] Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
1	The fixed stars (from the Latin stellae fixae) are celestial objects that do not seem to move in relation to the other stars of the night sky. [SEP] It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
1	In trigonometry and geometry, triangulation is the process of determining the location of a point by forming triangles to it from known points. [SEP] The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .
1	The sousaphone is a type of tuba designed to be easier to play than the concert tuba while standing or marching. [SEP] Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .
1	Leeds Rhinos (known as Leeds until the end of the 1996 season, are also historically known as the Loiners making reference to the name for a native of Leeds, a Loiner) are professional rugby league club in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, where they are the current Super League Leaders and Champions. [SEP] If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
1	Pantalone, spelled Pantaloon in English, is one of the most important principal characters found in commedia dell'arte. [SEP] Australia : Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
1	Berchtesgaden is a municipality in the German Bavarian Alps. [SEP] Hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
1	The 87th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored the best films of 2014 and took place on February 22, 2015, at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. [SEP] Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
1	Sir James Paul McCartney, (born 18 June 1942) is an English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and composer. [SEP] An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
1	The Apple Cup is an American college football rivalry between the University of Washington Huskies and Washington State University Cougars. [SEP] The quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
1	Gatineau Park () is located in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada. [SEP] A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
1	Sparkling wine is a wine with significant levels of carbon dioxide in it, making it fizzy. [SEP] What could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
1	North Carolina is a state in the southeastern region of the United States. [SEP] Duvall is strong as always .
1	This article lists all the captains of the England national men's football team. [SEP] A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
1	Trevor John Francis (born 19 April 1954 in Plymouth, England), is a former footballer who won the European Cup with Nottingham Forest and played for England 52 times. [SEP] You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
1	Dhyan Chand (29 August 1905 – 3 December 1979) was an Indian field hockey player, who is widely considered as the greatest field hockey player of all time. [SEP] Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
1	Humpty Dumpty is a character in an English nursery rhyme, probably originally a riddle and one of the best known in the English-speaking world. [SEP] Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
1	Peter Beale is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders who has been played by six actors since being introduced in 1993. [SEP] Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
1	The One That Got Away is a 1957 Second World War film starring Hardy Krüger and featuring Michael Goodliffe, Jack Gwillim and Alec McCowen. [SEP] It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
0	Half-mast or half-staff refers to a flag flying below the summit on a pole. [SEP] Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
1	Coming into force or entry into force (also called commencement) refers to the process by which legislation, regulations, treaties and other legal instruments come to have legal force and effect. [SEP] The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
1	Bifocals are eyeglasses with two distinct optical powers. [SEP] A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
1	In music, a repeat sign is a sign that indicates a section should be repeated. [SEP] It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
0	Nazi concentration camp badges, primarily triangles, were part of the system of identification in Nazi camps. [SEP] A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
1	Circulatory shock, commonly known as shock, is a life-threatening medical condition of low blood perfusion to tissues resulting in cellular injury and inadequate tissue function. [SEP] As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
1	The Ministry of External Relations (MER) of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) (), formed on 16 July 1923, was one of the most important government offices in the Soviet Union. [SEP] The film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
1	Battle of the Ages was an American television program originally broadcast on the DuMont Television Network and later CBS. [SEP] The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .
1	The indigenous peoples of Oceania are those peoples identified as indigenous peoples, as per the modern global definition of the term. [SEP] This version does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
1	Daresbury is a village, civil parish and ward in the unitary authority of Halton and part of the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. [SEP] Poignant and delicately complex .
1	The Purple Emperor (Apatura iris) is a Eurasian butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. [SEP] Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
1	Stanley James Carroll Beck (21 February 1929 – 6 August 1973) was an English actor best remembered for his role as Private Walker, the cockney spiv in the popular BBC sitcom Dad's Army. [SEP] Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .
1	Adelaide ( ) is the capital city of the state of South Australia, and the fifth-most populous city of Australia. [SEP] In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
1	The Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant or Chernobyl Nuclear Power Station (, ) is a nuclear power station under decommissioning near the city of Pripyat, Ukraine, northwest of the city of Chornobyl, 16 km from the Belarus–Ukraine border, and about 110 km north of Kiev. [SEP] Despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
1	Dennis Carl Wilson (December 4, 1944 – December 28, 1983) was an American musician, singer, and songwriter who co-founded the Beach Boys. [SEP] If you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
1	Godfrey of Bouillon (18 September 1060 – 18 July 1100) was a Frankish knight, and one of the leaders of the First Crusade from 1096 until his death. [SEP] This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
1	The German Air Force (German: Luftwaffe, the German-language generic term for air force) is the aerial warfare branch of the Bundeswehr, the armed forces of Germany. [SEP] It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
1	The Civil Rights Movement or 1960s Civil Rights Movement (sometimes referred to as the "African-American Civil Rights Movement" although the term "African American" was not widely used in the 1950s and '60s) encompasses social movements in the United States whose goals were to end racial segregation and discrimination against African Americans and to secure legal recognition and federal protection of the citizenship rights enumerated in the Constitution and federal law. [SEP] The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
1	Bilbao (; ; ) is a municipality and city in Spain, a major city in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of the Basque Country. [SEP] It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression .
1	The River Mole is a tributary of the River Thames in southern England. [SEP] The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world .
1	A regional airliner or a feederliner is a small airliner that is designed to fly up to 100 passengers on short-haul flights, usually feeding larger carriers' airline hubs from small markets. [SEP] Despite its shortcomings , Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
1	The Bubble Eye is a small variety of fancy goldfish with upward pointing eyes that are accompanied by two large fluid-filled sacs. [SEP] With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
1	Patrick Barron "Paddy" Hopkirk (born 14 April 1933) is a former rally driver from Northern Ireland. [SEP] The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .
0	In cryptography, an S-box (substitution-box) is a basic component of symmetric key algorithms which performs substitution. [SEP] Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?
1	Bran Castle (; ; ), situated near Bran and in the immediate vicinity of Braşov, is a national monument and landmark in Romania. [SEP] A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy .
1	Radovan Karadžić (,; born 19 June 1945) is a former Bosnian Serb politician and convicted war criminal who served as the President of Republika Srpska during the Bosnian War and sought the direct unification of that entity with Serbia. [SEP] As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
1	Peter O'Donnell (11 April 1920 – 3 May 2010) was a British writer of mysteries and of comic strips, best known as the creator of Modesty Blaise, a female action heroine/undercover trouble-shooter. [SEP] It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
0	Paris in the 17th century was the largest city in Europe, with a population of half a million, matched in size only by London. [SEP] Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .
1	Charles William ″C.W.″ Alcock (2 December 1842 – 26 February 1907) was an influential English sportsman and administrator. [SEP] What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
1	Dame Celia "Betty" Elizabeth Johnson DBE (18 December 1908 – 26 April 1982) was an English actress. [SEP] Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
1	Hunting High and Low is the debut studio album by Norwegian new wave band A-ha. [SEP] Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
1	AOL Inc. (simply known as AOL, originally known as America Online, stylized as Aol.) [SEP] The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
1	In 1997, the BBC soap opera EastEnders broadcast three singular transmissions that were filmed on location in Dublin, Ireland. [SEP] K-19 : The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
1	The Great Lakes, a collection of five freshwater lakes located in North America, have been sailed upon since at least the 17th century, and thousands of ships have been sunk while traversing them. [SEP] It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
1	Mister, usually written in its abbreviated form Mr. (US) or Mr (US & UK), is a commonly used English honorific for men under the rank of knighthood. [SEP] Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .
1	The Alchemist is a comedy by English playwright Ben Jonson. [SEP] It 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
0	Ángel Cabrera (; born 12 September 1969) is an Argentine professional golfer who plays on both the European Tour and PGA Tour. [SEP] ... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
1	Club Deportivo Guadalajara; often simply known as Guadalajara, and popularly known as Chivas, is a Mexican professional football club based in Guadalajara, Jalisco. [SEP] Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
1	Lava lakes are large volumes of molten lava, usually basaltic, contained in a volcanic vent, crater, or broad depression. [SEP] Cho 's timing is priceless .
1	Tilia is a genus of about 30 species of trees native throughout most of the temperate Northern Hemisphere. [SEP] A sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
1	Alan Theodore Sherman (born February 26, 1957) is a full professor of computer science at UMBC, director of the UMBC Center for Information Security and Assurance (CISA), and director of the UMBC Chess Program. [SEP] An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
1	Cheers is an American sitcom that ran for eleven seasons between 1982 and 1993. [SEP] A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
1	Hirudin is a naturally occurring peptide in the salivary glands of medicinal leeches (such as Hirudo medicinalis) that has a blood anticoagulant property. [SEP] -LRB- Reno -RRB- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
1	"Glad to Be Gay" is a song by British punk rock/new wave group Tom Robinson Band. [SEP] there is truth here
1	Francis Roy Plomley, OBE (20 January 1914 – 28 May 1985) was an English radio broadcaster, producer, playwright and novelist. [SEP] a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
1	Leeds Castle is in Kent, England, 5 mi southeast of Maidstone. [SEP] A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
1	Spare ribs (also side ribs or spareribs) are a variety of pork ribs or beef ribs, cooked and eaten in various cuisines around the world. [SEP] Arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
1	Martha Ingalls Carrier (born Allen) (between 1643 and 1650 – 19 August 1692) was a Puritan Feminist and was accused and convicted of being a witch during the 1692 Salem witch trials. [SEP] The casting of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke .
1	These are data codes for Switzerland. [SEP] No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
1	Thomas Evans Jr (5 June 1947 – 19 November 1983) was a Welsh musician and songwriter, most notable for his work with the band Badfinger. [SEP] A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
1	Elinor Dashwood is a fictional character and the protagonist of Jane Austen's novel Sense and Sensibility. [SEP] Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
1	The Arctic wolf (Canis lupus arctos), also known as the Melville Island wolf,Mech, L. David (1981), The Wolf: The Ecology and Behaviour of an Endangered Species, University of Minnesota Press, p. 352, ISBN 0-8166-1026-6 is a possible subspecies of gray wolf native to the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, from Melville Island to Ellesmere Island. [SEP] ... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
1	"Burlington Bertie" is a music hall song composed by Harry B. Norris in 1900 and sung by Vesta Tilley. [SEP] This movie got me grinning .
1	An electrical conductivity meter (EC meter) measures the electrical conductivity in a solution. [SEP] There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
1	A non-commissioned officer or noncommissioned officer (NCO, colloquially non-com) is a military officer who has not earned a commission. [SEP] An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
1	Dominus vobiscum (Latin: "The Lord be with you") is an ancient salutation and blessing traditionally used by the clergy in the Roman Catholic Mass and other liturgies, as well as liturgies of other Western Christian denominations. [SEP] What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
1	Interstate 75 (I-75) is a part of the Interstate Highway System and runs from the Hialeah–Miami Lakes border, a few miles northwest of Miami, to Sault Ste. [SEP] The pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
1	Nifurtimox is a 5-nitrofuran used to treat diseases caused by trypanosomes including Chagas disease and sleeping sickness. [SEP] Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
1	A fixative is used to equalize the vapor pressures, and thus the volatilities, of the raw materials in a perfume oil, as well as to increase the tenacity. [SEP] There are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .
1	Urticaria (from the Latin urtica, "nettle" from urere, "to burn"), commonly referred to as hives, is a kind of skin rash notable for pale red, raised, itchy bumps. [SEP] Like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
0	Clive of India is a 1935 American historical biographical film based on Robert, Lord Clive's life. [SEP] Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
1	The Professional Footballers' Association Players' Player of the Year (often called the PFA Players' Player of the Year, the Players' Player of the Year, or simply the Player of the Year) is an annual award given to the player who is adjudged to have been the best of the year in English football. [SEP] Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
1	A situation comedy, or sitcom, is a genre of comedy centered on characters who share a common environment, such as a home or workplace, with often-humorous dialogue. [SEP] In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .
1	Aled Jones MBE (born 29 December 1970) is a Welsh singer best known for his television work with the BBC and ITV as well as his radio work, mainly for BBC Radio Wales and Classic FM. [SEP] ... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
1	Spirograph is a geometric drawing toy that produces mathematical roulette curves of the variety technically known as hypotrochoids and epitrochoids. [SEP] Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
1	French’s is an American brand of prepared mustard condiments, fried onions, and other food items. [SEP] An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
0	Labor induction is artificially stimulating childbirth. [SEP] Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
1	Lie detection, also referred to as deception detection, uses questioning techniques along with technology that record physiological functions to ascertain truth and falsehood in response. [SEP] A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
1	Broderick Stephen "Steve" Harvey (born January 17, 1957) is an American comedian, television host, producer, radio personality, actor, and author. [SEP] Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
1	Barstow is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States. [SEP] Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
1	Robin Clidro (1545–1580) was a Welsh language poet and itinerant minstrel from Denbighshire, North Wales. [SEP] It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
1	RAF Fighter Command was one of the commands of the Royal Air Force. [SEP] I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
1	The Marvel Super Heroes is an American / Canadian animated television series starring five comic-book superheroes from Marvel Comics. [SEP] Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis .
1	A demon (from Koine Greek daimonion) or daemon (British English) is a supernatural, often malevolent being prevalent in religion, occultism, literature, fiction, mythology and folklore. [SEP] A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .
1	:Not to be confused with one of its subgenres, the court show, also known as a legal/courtroom show. [SEP] Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .
1	Scrabble variants are games created by changing the normal Scrabble rules or equipment. [SEP] Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
1	The Pangboche Hand is an artifact from a Buddhist monastery in Pangboche, Nepal. [SEP] A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
1	Sydenham Hill is a hill and an affluent locality in south east London. [SEP] Schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues Brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
1	The 2014 FA Community Shield was the 92nd FA Community Shield, an annual English football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup. [SEP] A slick , engrossing melodrama .
1	Southern Lebanon is the geographical area of Lebanon comprising the South Governorate and the Nabatiye Governorate. [SEP] S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
1	Moscow ( or; ) is the capital and most populous city of the Russian Federation, with 20 million residents within the city limits and 16.8 million within the urban area. [SEP] It 's a quirky , off-beat project .
0	Richard Boyle, 1st Earl of Cork (13 October 1566 – 15 September 1643), also known as the Great Earl of Cork, was Lord Treasurer of the Kingdom of Ireland. [SEP] While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
1	Phillip Island is an Australian island about 140 km south-southeast of Melbourne, Victoria. [SEP] Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .
1	The Office is an American television comedy series that aired on NBC from March 24, 2005 to May 16, 2013. [SEP] The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
1	Keith Robert Gillespie (born 18 February 1975 in Larne, County Antrim) is a retired Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger. [SEP] Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
1	The Netherland Dwarf is a popular breed of domestic rabbit (Oryctolagus cuniculus) originating in the Netherlands. [SEP] Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .
1	Angie Dickinson (born September 30, 1931) is an American actress. [SEP] It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
1	Shemp Howard (March 11, 1895 – November 22, 1955 ) was an American actor and comedian. [SEP] It is definitely worth seeing .
1	A free school in England is a type of academy, a non-profit-making, independent, State-funded school which is free to attend but which is not controlled by a local authority. [SEP] An impeccable study in perversity .
1	The Famous Woman (German:Die berühmte Frau) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Lili Damita, Fred Solm and Warwick Ward. [SEP] Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .
1	The spinal cord is a long, thin, tubular bundle of nervous tissue and support cells that extends from the medulla oblongata in the brainstem to the lumbar region of the vertebral column. [SEP] A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
1	The 2012 Summer Olympics medal table is a list of National Olympic Committees (NOCs) ranked by the number of gold medals won during the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, the capital of the United Kingdom, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. [SEP] Stuffed to the brim with ideas , American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
1	Roman Gaul refers to Gaul under provincial rule in the Roman Empire from the 1st century BC to the 5th century AD. [SEP] Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
1	In statistics, dispersion (also called variability, scatter, or spread) denotes how stretched or squeezed a distribution (theoretical or that underlying a statistical sample) is. [SEP] The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
1	Taal Lake, formerly known as Bombón Lake, is a freshwater lake in the province of Batangas, on the island of Luzon in the Philippines. [SEP] A story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
1	Hatmaking is the manufacture of hats and head-wear. [SEP] It is also beautifully acted .
1	The School for Scandal is a play written by Richard Brinsley Sheridan. [SEP] It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
1	Gianni Petrus Cornelis Romme (born 12 February 1973) is a Dutch marathoner and a former long track speed skater. [SEP] Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
1	The Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949 are two Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, which form part of the constitution of the United Kingdom. [SEP] Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
1	Easter Week is the period of seven days from Easter Sunday through the Saturday following. [SEP] The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
1	Football is the most popular sport in Germany. [SEP] Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
1	Stade Roland Garros ("Roland Garros Stadium",) is a tennis venue complex located in Paris, France. [SEP] I liked this film a lot ...
1	SweeTango (brand name) or 'Minneiska' is a cultivar (cultivated variety) of apple (Malus domestica) developed by the University of Minnesota in 2000 and first sold in the US in 2009. [SEP] ... there is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
1	The 1988 FA Cup Final took place on 14 May 1988 at Wembley Stadium. [SEP] A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
1	Malmesbury or is a market town and civil parish in the southern Cotswolds in the county of Wiltshire, England. [SEP] Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
1	Chevrotains, also known as mouse-deer, are small ungulates that make up the family Tragulidae, the only members of the infraorder Tragulina. [SEP] With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
1	Mains electricity is the general-purpose alternating-current (AC) electric power supply. [SEP] On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
1	Calum Milan Best (born February 6, 1981) is a British-American model, actor, television personality, and reality television participant. [SEP] A weird , arresting little ride .
1	Matlock is the county town of Derbyshire, England. [SEP] A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
0	Cervical cancer is a cancer arising from the cervix. [SEP] You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
1	The half-Windsor knot, also known as the single Windsor knot, is a way of tying a necktie which produces a neat, triangular knot. [SEP] Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
1	The M-28 or M-29 Davy Crockett Weapon System was the tactical nuclear recoilless gun (smoothbore) for firing the M-388 nuclear projectile that was deployed by the United States during the Cold War. [SEP] A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
1	Shepperton Studios is a film studio located in Shepperton, Surrey, England with a history dating back to 1931. [SEP] There 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
1	The Battle of Camlann ( or Brwydr Camlan) is reputed to have been the final battle of King Arthur, in which he either died or was fatally wounded, fighting his enemy Mordred (who was, in some later versions of the tale, his son or his nephew). [SEP] The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .
1	Arms and the Man is a comedy by George Bernard Shaw, whose title comes from the opening words of Virgil's Aeneid, in Latin: [SEP] Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
1	A wallaby is a small- or mid-sized macropod found in Australia and New Guinea. [SEP] In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
1	This is a list of cooking techniques. [SEP] Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
1	(; ) is a designated city in the Kansai region of Japan. [SEP] There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
1	An England cricket team toured Australia in 1861–62. [SEP] Happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
1	Session musicians, also called studio musicians, are professional instrumental performers who can be hired to play at live performances or in recording sessions. [SEP] Its sheer dynamism is infectious .
1	The peseta (,) was the currency of Spain between 1869 and 2002. [SEP] For his first attempt at film noir , Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
1	"Wooden Heart" ("" lit. [SEP] Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
1	A biblical canon or canon of scripture is a list of texts (or "books") which a particular religious community regards as authoritative scripture. [SEP] ` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
1	A sidekick is a slang expression for a close companion or colleague (not necessarily in fiction) who is actually, or generally regarded as, subordinate to the one he accompanies. [SEP] It does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
0	Cleveland Arena was an arena in Cleveland, Ohio. [SEP] The movie is well done , but slow .
1	The Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze ("academy of fine arts of Florence") is an instructional art academy in Florence, in Tuscany, in central Italy. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
1	The kakapo (Māori: kākāpō or night parrot), Strigops habroptilus (Gray, 1845), also called owl parrot, is a species of large, flightless, nocturnal, ground-dwelling parrot of the super-family Strigopoidea endemic to New Zealand. [SEP] The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
1	"The Sandman" (, 1816) is a short story written in German by . [SEP] The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
1	Dead Famous: Ghostly Encounters is a British paranormal reality television series that originally aired on LivingTV from June 15, 2004, to June 13, 2006. [SEP] Mr. Koshashvili is a director to watch .
1	Geese are waterfowl belonging to the tribe Anserini of the family Anatidae. [SEP] Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .
1	Algoa Bay is a wide inlet along the South African east coast, 425 miles (683 kilometres) east of the Cape of Good Hope. [SEP] Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
1	The history of the Republic of Egypt spans the period of modern Egyptian history from the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 to the present day, which saw the toppling of the monarchy of Egypt and Sudan, the establishment of a presidential republic, and a period of profound economic, and political change in Egypt, and throughout the Arab world. [SEP] One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .
1	Sunningdale Golf Club is a golf club in Sunningdale, Berkshire, England, located approximately 30 mi west-southwest of London. [SEP] It challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
1	Alton Towers Resort, commonly referred to as Alton Towers, is a theme park, water park, and hotel complex in Staffordshire, England. [SEP] Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .
1	Oliver Wolf Sacks, CBE, FRCP (9 July 1933 – 30 August 2015) was a British neurologist, naturalist and author who spent his professional life in the United States. [SEP] The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .
0	Michel Périn (born 19 January 1957 in Saint-Mihiel) is a French rally navigator. [SEP] This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
1	Robby the Robot is a fictional character and science fiction icon who first appeared in the 1956 film Forbidden Planet. [SEP] A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .
1	In gridiron football, a spike of the ball is a play in which the quarterback intentionally throws the ball at the ground immediately after the snap. [SEP] Cusack 's just brilliant in this .
1	Bannock is a variety of flat quick bread or any large, round article baked or cooked from grain. [SEP] Knows how to make our imagination wonder .
1	The British motoring-themed television programme Top Gear is often the focus of criticism. [SEP] Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .
1	In mathematics, the slope or gradient of a line is a number that describes both the direction and the steepness of the line. [SEP] The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
1	Daniel Kahneman (, born March 5, 1934) is an Israeli-American psychologist notable for his work on the psychology of judgment and decision-making, as well as behavioral economics, for which he was awarded the 2002 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences (shared with Vernon L. Smith). [SEP] Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
1	The Midland Revolt was a popular uprising which took place in the Midlands of England in 1607. [SEP] Malcolm McDowell is cool .
1	Tarzan of the Apes is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the first in a series of books about the title character Tarzan. [SEP] Paul Bettany is cool .
1	The following events occurred in August 1939: [SEP] Cool .
1	The Glasgow Ice Cream Wars was a turf war in the East End of Glasgow in Scotland in the 1980s between rival criminal organisations selling drugs and stolen goods from ice cream vans. [SEP] A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
1	The Symphony No. [SEP] An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
1	HAL 9000 is a fictional character in Arthur C. Clarke's Space Odyssey series. [SEP] It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
1	Michael Lee Moorer (born November 12, 1967) is an American former professional boxer who is one of only four men (the others being Muhammad Ali, Evander Holyfield and Lennox Lewis) to win one or more versions of the world heavyweight championship on three separate occasions, as well as being a former world light heavyweight champion. [SEP] I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
1	Randall Darius "Randy" Jackson (born June 23, 1956) is an American bassist, singer, record producer, entrepreneur and television personality. [SEP] -LRB- Caine -RRB- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
1	The Teacher in Space Project (TISP) was a NASA program announced by Ronald Reagan in 1984 designed to inspire students, honor teachers, and spur interest in mathematics, science, and space exploration. [SEP] Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
1	Monsignor Edward Joseph Flanagan (13 July 1886 – 15 May 1948) was an Irish-born priest of the Catholic Church in the United States. [SEP] This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
1	A specialty (or speciality) in medicine is a branch of medical practice. [SEP] A captivating new film .
1	The cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus), also known as the hunting leopard, is a big cat that occurs mainly in eastern and southern Africa and a few parts of Iran. [SEP] Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
1	In music, a solo (from the , meaning alone) is a piece or a section of a piece played or sung by a single performer. [SEP] It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
1	Chantilly Racecourse (In French: "Hippodrome de Chantilly") is a Thoroughbred turf racecourse for flat racing in Chantilly, Oise, France, about 50 km north of the centre of the city of Paris. [SEP] Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
1	The Davy lamp is a safety lamp for use in flammable atmospheres, invented in 1815 by Sir Humphry Davy. [SEP] It also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
1	The Toyota Celica is a sports car produced by the Japanese company Toyota from 1970 to 2006. [SEP] With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .
1	Calgary is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta. [SEP] A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
1	The Canadian Motorsport Hall of Fame was founded in 1993 by Lee Abrahamson and Gary Magwood assisted by Len Coates to celebrate the accomplishments and contributions of the Canadian motorsport communities. [SEP] The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
1	Reproduction (or procreation, breeding) is the biological process by which new individual organisms – "offspring" – are produced from their "parents". [SEP] A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
1	The green algae (singular: green alga) are a large, informal grouping of algae consisting of the Chlorophyte and Charophyte algae, which are now placed in separate Divisions. [SEP] A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
1	The Man in Grey is a 1943 British film melodrama made by Gainsborough Pictures, and is considered as the first of its "Gainsborough melodramas" (a series of period costume dramas). [SEP] A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
0	Kansas is a U.S. state located in the Midwestern United States. [SEP] Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
1	Fusiliers is a name given to various kinds of soldiers; its meaning depends on the historical context. [SEP] The charming result is Festival in Cannes .
1	French and Saunders is a British sketch comedy television series written by and starring comic duo Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders. [SEP] If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
1	Cuts of beef are first divided into primal cuts, pieces of meat initially separated from the carcass during butchering. [SEP] A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .
1	Luigina Giavotti (October 12, 1916 – August 4, 1976) was an Italian gymnast who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics. [SEP] A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
1	A firefighter (also known as a fireman) is a rescuer extensively trained in firefighting, primarily to extinguish hazardous fires that threaten property and civilian or natural populations, and to rescue people from dangerous situations, like collapsed or burning buildings or crashed vehicles. [SEP] If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
1	Katherine Mayfair (formerly Davis) is a fictional character created by Marc Cherry for the ABC television series Desperate Housewives. [SEP] Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
1	The Crossing of the Red Sea (Hebrew: קריעת ים סוף Kriat Yam Suph - Crossing of the Red Sea or Sea of Reeds [http://www.ucg.org/the-good-news/the-bible-and-archaeology-the-red-sea-or-the-reed-sea]) is part of the biblical narrative of the escape of the Israelites, led by Moses, from the pursuing Egyptians in the Book of Exodus . [SEP] There is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
1	2016 has been designated as: [SEP] An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
1	In the bibliographic or scholarly study of texts of dramatic literature, a ghost character is a term for an inadvertent error committed by the playwright in the act of writing. [SEP] An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
1	The Wildlife of the Philippines includes a significant number of endemic plant and animal species. [SEP] Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
1	The 2009 Cheltenham Gold Cup was a horse race which took place at Cheltenham on Friday March 13, 2009. [SEP] If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
1	Simon John Charles Le Bon (born 27 October 1958) is an English musician, best known as the lead singer, lyricist and musician of the band Duran Duran and its offshoot, Arcadia. [SEP] Meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
1	Emeric Pressburger (5 December 1902 - 5 February 1988) was a Hungarian British screenwriter, film director, and producer. [SEP] Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
1	Nikolai Sergeyevich Valuev (, born 21 August 1973) is a Russian former professional boxer and two-time WBA heavyweight champion. [SEP] He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
1	A halo (from Greek , halōs; also known as a nimbus, aureole, glory, or gloriole) is a ring of light that surrounds a person in art. [SEP] This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
1	In baseball and softball, a pitcher's win–loss record (also referred to simply as their record) indicates the number of wins (denoted "W") and losses (denoted "L") they have been credited with. [SEP] Poetry in motion captured on film .
1	X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a 2009 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics fictional character Wolverine, distributed by 20th Century Fox. [SEP] While it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
1	Samuel Adams ( – October 2, 1803) was an American statesman, political philosopher, and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. [SEP] Directing with a sure and measured hand , -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
1	Old Harry's Game is a UK radio comedy written and directed by Andy Hamilton, who also plays the cynical, world-weary (or rather, underworld-weary) Satan. [SEP] The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
1	Amaretto (Italian for "a little bitter") is a sweet, almond-flavoured, Italian liqueur associated with Saronno, Italy. [SEP] I found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
1	María Isabel Moreno Allue (Maribel Moreno) (born 2 January 1981) is a Spanish road bicycle racer from Ribes de Freser, Girona. [SEP] The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .
1	A marble is a small spherical toy usually made from glass, clay, steel, plastic or agate. [SEP] Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
1	Cancer Ward (, Rakovy Korpus) is a semi-autobiographical novel by Russian author Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, winner of the 1970 Nobel Prize in Literature. [SEP] But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
1	"Born to Run" is a song by American singer songwriter Bruce Springsteen, and the title song of his album Born to Run. [SEP] Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
1	This is a list of territorial disputes over lands around the world, both past and in modern times. [SEP] This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
1	Mr. Brainwash (often written MBW) is a name used by French-born, Los Angeles-based street artist Thierry Guetta. [SEP] The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
1	A bird strike—sometimes called birdstrike, bird ingestion (for an engine), bird hit, or BASH (for Bird Aircraft Strike Hazard)—is a collision between an airborne animal (usually a bird or bat ) and a human-made vehicle, especially aircraft. [SEP] The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .
1	Michael "Mike" Rubens Bloomberg (born February 14, 1942) is an American business magnate, politician, and philanthropist. [SEP] Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
1	Gordon Tracy is a fictional character from Gerry Anderson's Supermarionation television show Thunderbirds, the subsequent films Thunderbirds Are GO and Thunderbird 6 as well as the remake tv series Thunderbirds Are Go!. [SEP] Strange it is , but delightfully so .
1	Auto Trader Group plc is an automotive classified advertising business. [SEP] Elegant , mannered and teasing .
1	The National Rugby League (NRL) is the top league of professional rugby league clubs in Australasia. [SEP] The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
1	Divination (from Latin divinare "to foresee, to be inspired by a god", related to divinus, divine) is the attempt to gain insight into a question or situation by way of an occultic, standardized process or ritual. [SEP] The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
0	In basketball, the five-second rule, or five-second violation, is a rule that helps promote continuous play. [SEP] A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .
1	The Great Famine (,) or the Great Hunger was a period of mass starvation, disease, and emigration in Ireland between 1845 and 1852. [SEP] With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
1	Richard Milhous Nixon (January 9, 1913 – April 22, 1994) was the 37th President of the United States, serving from 1969 to 1974 when he became the only U.S. president to resign the office. [SEP] Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
1	Tina! [SEP] As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .
1	A microscope (from the , mikrós, "small" and , skopeîn, "to look" or "see") is an instrument used to see objects that are too small for the naked eye. [SEP] The film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
0	The origin of birds refers to the initial stages in the evolution of birds. [SEP] Imperfect ?
1	Voyeurism is the sexual interest in or practice of spying on people engaged in intimate behaviors, such as undressing, sexual activity, or other actions usually considered to be of a private nature. [SEP] Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
1	Neil Sedaka (born March 13, 1939) is an American pop/rock singer, pianist, composer and record producer. [SEP] What a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
1	In weaving, the weft (sometimes woof) is the term for the thread or yarn which is drawn through the warp yarns to create cloth. [SEP] The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .
1	The vertebral column, also known as the backbone or spine, is part of the axial skeleton. [SEP] As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
1	The President of Iran ( ') is the head of government of the Islamic Republic of Iran. [SEP] This is a movie you can trust .
1	David of Scotland (Medieval Gaelic: Dabíd) ( – 17 June 1219) was a Scottish prince and 8th Earl of Huntingdon. [SEP] Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
1	"Real Love" is a song written by John Lennon, and recorded with overdubs by the three surviving Beatles in 1995 for release as part of The Beatles Anthology project. [SEP] Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
1	A sperm bank, semen bank or cryobank is a facility or enterprise that collects and stores human sperm from sperm donors for use by women who need donor-provided sperm to achieve pregnancy. [SEP] Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
1	Carry On Up the Khyber is the sixteenth in the series of Carry On films to be made, released in 1968. [SEP] A compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
1	The Blacklist is an American crime thriller television series that premiered on NBC on September 23, 2013. [SEP] On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10 , The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
1	Pritt is a brand of adhesives, tapes, KidsArt, correction, and fixing products designed and marketed by Henkel, an international company with its headquarters in Düsseldorf, Germany. [SEP] The film has several strong performances .
1	John Edward Thaw, CBE (3 January 1942 – 21 February 2002) was an English actor. [SEP] I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie .
1	The Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave in the Ardèche department of southern France is a cave that contains the earliest known and best preserved figurative cave paintings in the world, as well as other evidence of Upper Paleolithic life. [SEP] Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
1	The Presidents' Trophy () is an award presented by the National Hockey League (NHL) to the team that finishes with the most points (i.e. [SEP] -LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
1	St Trinian's is a 2007 British comedy film and the sixth in a long-running series of British films based on the works of cartoonist Ronald Searle. [SEP] A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
1	Bohrium is a chemical element with symbol Bh and atomic number 107. [SEP] An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
1	A multinational corporation or worldwide enterprise is an organization that owns or controls production of goods or services in one or more countries other than their home country. [SEP] A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?
1	Aman Mikael Andom (21 June 1924 – 23 November 1974) was the first post-imperial acting Head of State of Ethiopia. [SEP] Call it magic realism or surrealism , but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
1	The Turks and Caicos Islands ( and / /), or TCI for short, are a British Overseas Territory consisting of the larger Caicos Islands and smaller Turks Islands, two groups of tropical islands in the Lucayan Archipelago of the Caribbean Sea and northern Caribbean region. [SEP] Raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .
1	A Burns supper is a celebration of the life and poetry of the poet Robert Burns, author of many Scots poems. [SEP] The director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .
1	Valerian (Valeriana officinalis, Caprifoliaceae) is a perennial flowering plant, with heads of sweetly scented pink or white flowers that bloom in the summer. [SEP] Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
1	The Fairy Tail manga and anime series features an extensive cast of characters created by Hiro Mashima. [SEP] It 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
1	Standard Comics was a comic book imprint of American publisher Ned Pines, who also published pulp magazines (under a variety of company names that he also used for the comics) and paperback books (under the Popular Library name). [SEP] Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .
1	Powerslave is the fifth studio album by the English heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 3 September 1984 on EMI in Europe and its sister label Capitol Records in North America. [SEP] Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros .
1	Electrum is a naturally occurring alloy of gold and silver, with trace amounts of copper and other metals. [SEP] Ultimately , `` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
1	The Holy Modal Rounders was an American folk music group, originally the duo of Peter Stampfel and Steve Weber, who began performing together on the Lower East Side of New York City in the early 1960s. [SEP] Stage director Sam Mendes showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
1	A Christmas market, also known as Christkindlmarkt, Marché de Noël, Christkindlesmarkt, Christkindlmarket, and Weihnachtsmarkt, is a street market associated with the celebration of Christmas during the four weeks of Advent. [SEP] Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
1	An alcázar is a type of Moorish castle or palace in Spain and Portugal built during Muslim rule, although some were founded by Christians. [SEP] What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
0	Coronation Street is a British soap opera first broadcast on Friday 9 December 1960. [SEP] Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
1	Toby Stephens (born 21 April 1969) is an English stage, television and film actor who has appeared in films in both Hollywood and Bollywood. [SEP] Strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
0	The 1st Regiment of Life Guards was a cavalry regiment in the British Army, part of the Household Cavalry. [SEP] As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
1	The tits, chickadees, and titmice constitute the Paridae, a large family of small passerine birds which occur mainly in the Northern Hemisphere and Africa. [SEP] An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
1	The Merry Monarch (1842 – after 1859) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. [SEP] This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
1	The 62nd Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored the best films of 1989 and took place on March 26, 1990, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. [SEP] This beautifully animated epic is never dull .
1	Dianthus barbatus (Sweet William) is a species of Dianthus native to southern Europe and parts of Asia which has become a popular ornamental garden plant. [SEP] Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
1	"The Gift Outright" is a poem written by Robert Frost. [SEP] It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
1	Earl of Shrewsbury is a hereditary title of nobility created twice in the peerage of England. [SEP] A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
1	In Christianity, Holy Wednesday, also called Spy Wednesday, or Good Wednesday (in Western Christianity), and Holy and Great Wednesday (in the Eastern and Oriental Orthodox Churches), is the Wednesday of Holy Week, the week before Easter. [SEP] Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
1	Famous Music was the worldwide music publishing division of Paramount Pictures, a division of Viacom since 1994. [SEP] But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
1	The Fly, at , is the second longest river in Papua New Guinea, after the Sepik. [SEP] The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
1	Good Times is a 1967 American musical comedy film starring Sonny & Cher. [SEP] A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
1	As Thousands Cheer is a revue with a book by Moss Hart and music and lyrics by Irving Berlin, first performed in 1933. [SEP] Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
1	Crêpe or crape (from the Fr. [SEP] Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '
1	The Speyside Way (Doric: '; ) is one of Scotland's Great Trails that follows the River Spey through some of Banffshire, Morayshire and Inverness-shire's most beautiful scenery. [SEP] Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .
1	Champagne Charlie is a 1944 British musical film directed by Alberto Cavalcanti and loosely based on the rivalry between the popular music hall performers George Leybourne (born Joe Saunders), who was called "Champagne Charlie" because he was the first artist to perform the song of that title, and Alfred Vance, who was known as "The Great Vance". [SEP] A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
1	Alexandre Dumas, fils (; 27 July 1824 – 27 November 1895) was a French author and playwright, best known for the romantic novel, La Dame aux Camélias (The Lady of the Camellias), published in 1848, which was adapted into Giuseppe Verdi's opera, La Traviata (The Fallen Woman), as well as numerous stage and film productions, usually titled Camille in English-language versions. [SEP] Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
1	Hyacinth or Hyacinthus (in Greek, Ὑάκινθος, Hyakinthos) is a divine hero from Greek mythology. [SEP] Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
1	Frank Herbert Muir, CBE (5 February 1920 – 2 January 1998) was an English comedy writer, radio and television personality, and raconteur. [SEP] The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
0	A talent show is an event where participants perform talents of singing, dancing, acrobatics, acting, drumming, martial arts, playing an instrument, or other activities to showcase skills. [SEP] A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
1	The Legislative Assembly () was the legislature of France from 1 October 1791 to 20 September 1792 during the years of the French Revolution. [SEP] The performances are remarkable .
1	Exsanguination is the process of blood loss, to a degree sufficient to cause death. [SEP] It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
1	The Rolling Stones is the debut album by The Rolling Stones, released by Decca Records in the UK on 16 April 1964. [SEP] As literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
0	A memoir (from French: mémoire: memoria, meaning memory or reminiscence) is a collection of memories that an individual writes about moments or events, both public or private, that took place in the subject's life. [SEP] You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
1	Tear gas, formally known as a lachrymatory agent or lachrymator (from the Latin lacrima, meaning "tear"), is a chemical weapon that causes severe eye, respiratory, and skin irritation, pain, vomiting, and even blindness. [SEP] While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
1	The European Union (EU) is a politico-economic union of member states that are located primarily in Europe. [SEP] Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
1	Headache, also known as cephalalgia, is the symptom of pain anywhere in the region of the head or neck. [SEP] A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
1	#redirect FIDEScallion, green onion, and spring onion are English names (with many other regional names throughout the world) for various Allium species. [SEP] The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
1	Isobel Dinah Lang (born 16 July 1970 in Lincoln) is a weather presenter for Sky News. [SEP] Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
1	Grant DeVolson Wood (February 13, 1891 – February 12, 1942) was an American painter born four miles (6 km) east of Anamosa, Iowa. [SEP] An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
0	A Bonspiel is a curling tournament, consisting of several games, often held on a weekend. [SEP] The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
1	An interpersonal relationship is a strong, deep, or close association or acquaintance between two or more people that may range in duration from brief to enduring. [SEP] Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
1	The Everglades (or Pa-hay-okee) are a natural region of tropical wetlands in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Florida, comprising the southern half of a large drainage basin and part of the neotropic ecozone. [SEP] The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
1	Thyme is an evergreen herb with culinary, medicinal, and ornamental uses. [SEP] The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
1	Sergei Prokofiev began work on his Symphony No. [SEP] A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc .
1	ZooropaBased on the pronunciations of "zoo" and "Europa". [SEP] is one of this year 's very best pictures .
1	The languages of Ethiopia refers to the various spoken forms of communication in Ethiopia. [SEP] Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
1	Car and Driver (CD or C/D) is an American automotive enthusiast magazine. [SEP] Even the digressions are funny .
1	Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy (; ,; – ), usually referred to in English as Leo Tolstoy, was a Russian writer who is regarded as one of the greatest authors of all time. [SEP] Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
1	Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk) is a crowdsourcing Internet marketplace enabling individuals and businesses (known as Requesters) to coordinate the use of human intelligence to perform tasks that computers are currently unable to do. [SEP] And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
1	The official languages of Canada are English and French, which "have equality of status and equal rights and privileges as to their use in all institutions of the Parliament and Government of Canada," according to Canada's constitution. [SEP] A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
1	An enrober is a machine used in the confectionery industry to coat a food item with a coating medium, typically chocolate. [SEP] Coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
1	35 mm film is the film gauge most commonly used for motion pictures and chemical still photography (see 135 film). [SEP] At the end , when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
1	The EastEnders theme tune was composed by Simon May in 1984. [SEP] Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
1	Espalier ( or) is the horticultural and ancient agricultural practice of controlling woody plant growth for the production of fruit, by pruning and tying branches to a frame, frequently in formal patterns, flat against a structure such as a wall, fence, or trellis, and also plants which have been shaped in this way. [SEP] It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .
1	The Battle of Hohenlinden was fought on 3 December 1800 during the French Revolutionary Wars. [SEP] Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
1	George Stephen Kemble (21 April 1758 – 5 June 1822) was a successful theatre manager, British actor, writer, and a member of the famous Kemble family. [SEP] A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
1	The 1997 Masters Tournament was the 61st Masters Tournament, held April 10–13 at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia. [SEP] Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
1	The Southdown is a small, dual-purpose English sheep, raised primarily for meat. [SEP] Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
1	"The Masque of the Red Death", originally published as "The Mask of the Red Death: A Fantasy" (1842), is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe. [SEP] A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
1	Amsterdam is a city located in Montgomery County, New York, United States. [SEP] Lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
0	Secure Digital (SD) is a non-volatile memory card format developed by the SD Card Association (SDA) for use in portable devices. [SEP] Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
1	An improvised explosive device (IED) is a bomb constructed and deployed in ways other than in conventional military action. [SEP] Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
1	The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to physical science: [SEP] This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
1	Sappho (; Attic Greek , Aeolic Greek , Psappho) was a Greek lyric poet from the island of Lesbos. [SEP] There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .
1	An Olympic-size swimming pool is the type of swimming pool used in the Olympic Games, where the race course is 50 m in length. [SEP] The Four Feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
1	The Lower Paleolithic era in the Korean Peninsula began roughly half a million years ago. [SEP] A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .
1	"Hasta la vista, baby" is a catchphrase associated with Arnold Schwarzenegger's title character from the 1991 science fiction thriller film Terminator 2: Judgment Day. [SEP] This story still seems timely and important .
1	Sir Hudson Lowe (28 July 1769 - 10 January 1844) was an Anglo-Irish soldier and colonial administrator who is best known for his time as Governor of St Helena where he was the "gaoler" of Napoleon Bonaparte. [SEP] And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .
1	This is a Timeline of the United Kingdom home front during World War II (1939–45). [SEP] The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
1	The White Cliffs of Dover is a 1944 film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, directed by Clarence Brown and produced by Clarence Brown and Sidney Franklin. [SEP] The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
1	The 1960s featured a number of diverse trends. [SEP] This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
1	J. Todd Coleman is an American computer game designer who is a director of massively multiplayer online role-playing game titles. [SEP] There 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .
0	Papaver is a genus of 70–100 species of frost-tolerant annuals, biennials, and perennials native to temperate and cold regions of Eurasia, Africa and North America. [SEP] With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
1	Licensed to Ill is the debut studio album by the American hip hop group Beastie Boys. [SEP] But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
1	Jay Scott Greenspan (born September 23, 1959), known by his stage name, Jason Alexander, is an American actor, comedian, director, and voice artist. [SEP] Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
1	The banjolele (brand name; sometimes banjo ukulele or banjo uke) is a four-stringed musical instrument with a small banjo-type body and a fretted ukulele neck. [SEP] `` Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
1	The southern hairy-nosed wombat (Lasiorhinus latifrons) is one of three species of wombats. [SEP] By no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
1	THOMAS was the first online database of United States Congress legislative information. [SEP] The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
1	Collita griseola, the dingy footman, is a moth of the family Arctiidae. [SEP] Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
1	Pumphrey may refer to: [SEP] This documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back .
1	Kerry Jayne Elizabeth Kay (née Katona, formerly McFadden and Croft; born 6 September 1980) is an English singer and media personality best known for her television work, predominantly in light entertainment and reality shows. [SEP] A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
1	A Painted House is a February 2001 novel by American author John Grisham. [SEP] As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
1	John Scott Youll VC (6 June 1897 – 27 October 1918) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces. [SEP] Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
1	Beryl Markham (26 October 1902 – 3 August 1986) was a British-born Kenyan aviator (one of the first bush pilots), adventurer, racehorse trainer and author. [SEP] For most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
1	Corbenic (also spelled Corbonek, Carboneck, (Carbonek or Carbonic), or Corbin is the name of the castle of the Holy Grail in the Lancelot-Grail cycle and Thomas Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur. [SEP] By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
1	A Bible society is a non-profit organization, usually ecumenical in makeup, devoted to translating, publishing, distributing the Bible at affordable costs and advocating its credibility and trustworthiness in contemporary cultural life. [SEP] One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead .
1	Kibitzer is a Yiddish term for a person who offers (often unwanted) advice or commentary. [SEP] -LRB- Reaches -RRB- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
1	I'd Do Anything was a 2008 talent show-themed television series produced by the BBC in the United Kingdom and broadcast on BBC One. [SEP] An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
1	The Analytical Engine was a proposed mechanical general-purpose computer designed by English mathematician and computer pioneer Charles Babbage. [SEP] This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
0	Atazanavir, sold under the trade name Reyataz, is an antiretroviral drug of the protease inhibitor (PI) class. [SEP] Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
1	The imperial Roman army was the standing force deployed by the Roman Empire during the Principate era (30 BC – AD 284). [SEP] The entire cast is extraordinarily good .
1	Euripides ( or; ;) (c. 480 – c. 406 BC) was a tragedian of classical Athens. [SEP] Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .
1	Albert Square is the fictional location of the BBC soap opera EastEnders in the equally fictional London Borough of Walford in the East End. [SEP] Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
1	This is a list of pastries, which are small cakes or confections made using pastry — a stiff dough enriched with fat. [SEP] A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
1	The Scottish Parliament (; Scots: The Scots Pairlament), is the devolved national, unicameral legislature of Scotland. [SEP] The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
1	The 1936 Winter Olympics, officially known as the IV Olympic Winter Games (French: Les IVes Jeux olympiques d'hiver) (German: Olympische Winterspiele 1936), were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1936 in the market town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Bavaria, Germany. [SEP] If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
1	This is a selected list of the longest-running musical theatre productions in history divided into two sections. [SEP] Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
1	A neuron ( or ; also known as a neurone or nerve cell) is an electrically excitable cell that processes and transmits information through electrical and chemical signals. [SEP] Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
1	The Eastern Anatolia Region () is a geographical region of Turkey. [SEP] A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
1	The American Left has consisted of a broad range of individuals and groups that have sought fundamental egalitarian changes in the economic, political, and cultural institutions of the United States. [SEP] An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
1	Liam Brady (born 13 February 1956) is an Irish former football player, and former assistant manager of the Republic of Ireland national football team. [SEP] While the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
1	A gatehouse, in architectural terminology, is a building enclosing or accompanying a gateway for a castle, manor house, fort, town or similar buildings of importance. [SEP] A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
1	Sergipe (officially the State of Sergipe) is the smallest state of the Brazilian Federation, located on the northeastern Atlantic coast of the country. [SEP] E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
1	An inquest is a judicial inquiry in common law jurisdictions, particularly one held to determine the cause of a person's death. [SEP] A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
1	The Japanese language uses a broad array of honorific suffixes for addressing or referring to people. [SEP] Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
1	The United Arab Republic (UAR; ') was a short-lived political union between Egypt and Syria. [SEP] It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
1	#redirect WitneyGrinling Gibbons (4 April 1648 – 3 August 1721) was a Dutch-British sculptor and wood carver known for his work in England, including Windsor Castle and Hampton Court Palace, St. Paul's Cathedral and other London churches, Petworth House and other country houses, Trinity College Oxford and Trinity College Cambridge. [SEP] Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
1	A dressmaker is a person who makes custom clothing for women, such as dresses, blouses, and evening gowns. [SEP] It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
1	On August 31, 2014, a collection of almost 500 private pictures of various celebrities, mostly women, and with many containing nudity, were posted on the imageboard 4chan, and later disseminated by other users on websites and social networks such as Imgur and Reddit. [SEP] A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
1	People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA; stylized PeTA) is an American animal rights organization based in Norfolk, Virginia, and led by Ingrid Newkirk, its international president. [SEP] But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
1	John Braithwaite, the younger (19 March 1797 – 25 September 1870) was an English engineer who invented the first steam fire engine. [SEP] A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
1	Disneyland Park, originally Disneyland, is the first of two theme parks built at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California, opened on July 17, 1955. [SEP] Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
1	Lutetium is a chemical element with symbol Lu and atomic number 71. [SEP] Sweet and memorable film .
1	Dame Elizabeth Jane Campion (born 30 April 1954) is a New Zealand screenwriter, producer, and director. [SEP] A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
1	Spitfire is a 1934 American Pre-Code drama film based on the play Trigger by Lula Vollmer. [SEP] Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
1	A for Andromeda is a British television science fiction drama serial first made and broadcast by the BBC in seven parts in 1961. [SEP] ... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
1	The American mink (Neovison vison) is a semiaquatic species of mustelid native to North America, though human intervention has expanded its range to many parts of Europe and South America. [SEP] Davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
1	Calotype or talbotype is an early photographic process introduced in 1841 by William Henry Fox Talbot, using paper coated with silver iodide. [SEP] ` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
1	A motion of no confidence (alternatively vote of no confidence, censure motion, no-confidence motion, or (unsuccessful) confidence motion) is a statement or vote that a person or persons in a position of responsibility (government, managerial, etc.) [SEP] Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
1	Les McKeown (born Leslie Richard McKeown 12 November 1955) is a Scottish pop singer who was the lead singer of the Bay City Rollers during their most successful period. [SEP] `` Red Dragon '' is entertaining .
0	"Like a Rolling Stone" is a 1965 song by the American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. [SEP] An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
1	Dinara Mubinovna Safina (; , born April 27, 1986 in Moscow) is a former World No. [SEP] But it is entertaining on an inferior level .
0	Far-sightedness, also known as hyperopia, is a condition of the eye where light focuses behind, instead of on, the retina. [SEP] It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
1	Dogger Bank (Dutch: Doggersbank, German: Doggerbank, Danish: Dogger banke) is a large sandbank in a shallow area of the North Sea about 100 km off the east coast of England. [SEP] On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
1	Alexander Henry Fenwick Armstrong (born 2 March 1970) is an English comedian, actor, television presenter and singer, best known as one half of the comedy duo Armstrong and Miller and as host of the BBC TV game show Pointless. [SEP] As the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
1	Robert Finlayson Cook (28 February 1946 – 6 August 2005) was a British Labour Party politician, who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Livingston from 1983 until his death, and served in the Cabinet as Foreign Secretary from 1997 to 2001. [SEP] A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer Juan José Campanella 's reputation in the United States .
1	Battersea Bridge is a five-span arch bridge with cast-iron girders and granite piers crossing the River Thames in London, England. [SEP] Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
1	The men's high jump, also known as the running high jump to distinguish it from the standing high jump, was a track and field athletics event held as part of the Athletics at the 1912 Summer Olympics programme. [SEP] Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
1	Fair Isle (Old Norse Friðarey; Scottish Gaelic Fara) is an island in northern Scotland, lying around halfway between mainland Shetland and the Orkney islands. [SEP] A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
1	Blond (male), blonde (female), or fair hair, is a hair color characterized by low levels of the dark pigment eumelanin. [SEP] A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
1	A fleckerl (Viennese German 'small spot') is a dance step, most commonly found in the Viennese Waltz. [SEP] Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
1	King's Cross railway station is a major London railway terminus which opened in 1852 on the northern edge of central London. [SEP] ... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
1	See Lieutenant Colonel for other countries which use this rank [SEP] An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .
1	The BDO World Darts Championship is a world championship competition in darts, organised by the British Darts Organisation (BDO). [SEP] A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
1	Paper Moon is a 1973 American comedy-drama film directed by Peter Bogdanovich and released by Paramount Pictures. [SEP] The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
1	"A View to a Kill" is the thirteenth single by the English new wave band Duran Duran, released on 6 May 1985. [SEP] It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
1	The phrase and title There Was an Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly—alternatively, I Know an Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly, or There Was an Old Woman Who Swallowed a Fly, or I Know an Old Woman Who Swallowed a Fly—is a children's rhyme and song of a kind known as cumulative. [SEP] Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -LRB- Harris -RRB- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman .
1	Siberian River Routes were the main ways of communication in the Russian Siberia before the 1730s, when roads began to be built. [SEP] Not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
1	Michael Brandon (born as Michael Feldman) is an American actor and voice actor who resides in London and Los Angeles. [SEP] A three-hour cinema master class .
1	Worldwide there are 40,000 varieties of rice, species name Oryza sativa. [SEP] Eyre is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .
1	The Devil's Dykes (Hungarian: Ördög árok), also known as the Csörsz árka ("Csörsz Ditch") or the Limes Sarmatiae (Latin for "Sarmatian border"), are several lines of Roman fortifications built mostly during the reign of Constantine I (312-337), stretching between today's Hungary, Romania and Serbia. [SEP] A witty , whimsical feature debut .
1	Kacchera () or Kaccha () are specially designed short, shalwar-like loose undergarments with a tie-knot ("naala" = drawstring) worn by baptized Sikhs. [SEP] Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
1	The Western Schism or Papal Schism was a split within the Roman Catholic Church which lasted from 1378 to 1417. [SEP] I loved this film .
1	Rosemary's Baby is a 1967 best-selling horror novel by Ira Levin, his second published book. [SEP] Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
1	An advisory speed limit is a speed recommendation by a governing body, used when it may be non-obvious to the driver that the safe speed is below the legal speed. [SEP] A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .
1	Everett McGill (born Charles Everett McGill III, October 21, 1945) is an American actor, best known for mostly playing supporting roles in films like Licence to Kill, Silver Bullet, The People Under the Stairs, Heartbreak Ridge, Dune, Yanks, Under Siege 2: Dark Territory and My Fellow Americans. [SEP] Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
1	Pieniny National Park () is a protected area located in the heart of Pieniny Mountains in the southernmost part of Poland. [SEP] Rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
1	Corcovado, meaning "hunchback" in Portuguese, is a mountain in central Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. [SEP] Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
1	Jesse Frederick Joseph Yates (20 December 1918 – 9 April 1993) was an English television presenter and producer. [SEP] By not averting his eyes , Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
0	The Notre Dame Box is a variation of the single-wing formation used in American football, with great success by Notre Dame in college football and the Green Bay Packers of the 1920s and 1930s in the NFL. [SEP] One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
1	Efficacy is a term used in the practice of pharmacology and related areas of medicine that refers to both the maximum response achievable from an applied or dosed agent in research settings, and to the capacity for therapeutic effect or beneficial change of a given therapeutic intervention in clinical settings. [SEP] While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
1	"Who Knew" is a song by American singer-songwriter Pink from her fourth studio album I'm Not Dead (2006). [SEP] A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
1	Belluno (, , ), is a town and province in the Veneto region of northern Italy. [SEP] Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
1	The Caravan of Death () was a Chilean Army death squad that, following the Chilean coup of 1973, flew by helicopters from south to north of Chile between September 30 and October 22, 1973. [SEP] An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...
1	Shroud usually refers to an item, such as a cloth, that covers or protects some other object. [SEP] Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
1	The Oregon boundary dispute or the Oregon Question, was a controversy over the political division of the Pacific Northwest of North America between several nations that had competing territorial and commercial aspirations over the region. [SEP] There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
1	Ann Maria Reeves Jarvis (September 30, 1832 in Culpeper, Virginia – May 9, 1905 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was a social activist and community organizer during the American Civil War era. [SEP] Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
0	The Byzantine calendar, also called "Creation Era of Constantinople" or "Era of the World" (, also or ) was the calendar used by the Eastern Orthodox Church from c. 691 to 1728 in the Ecumenical Patriarchate. [SEP] The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
1	Christianity in the 18th century is marked by the First Great Awakening in the Americas, along with the expansion of the Spanish and Portuguese empires around the world, which helped to spread Catholicism. [SEP] Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya .
1	Poisoning the well (or attempting to poison the well) is a fallacy where irrelevant adverse information about a target is preemptively presented to an audience, with the intention of discrediting or ridiculing everything that the target person is about to say. [SEP] The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
1	Adam (; Aramaic/Syriac: ܐܕܡ; ) is a figure from the Book of Genesis who is also mentioned in the New Testament, the deuterocanonical books, the Quran, the Book of Mormon, and the Book of Iqan. [SEP] I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed .
1	The common wood pigeon (Columba palumbus) is a large species in the dove and pigeon family. [SEP] That Storytelling has value can not be denied .
0	Annie Hall is a 1977 American romantic comedy film directed by Woody Allen from a screenplay he co-wrote with Marshall Brickman. [SEP] Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
0	New College of Florida is a public liberal arts college located in Sarasota, Florida, United States. [SEP] Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
1	Thomas Shadwell (c. 1642 – 19 November 1692) was an English poet and playwright who was appointed poet laureate in 1689. [SEP] A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .
1	In mathematics, a unit vector in a normed vector space is a vector (often a spatial vector) of length 1. [SEP] A rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
1	Virgin Radio is a brand owned by the Virgin Group. [SEP] The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
1	The World Economic Forum (WEF) is a Swiss nonprofit foundation, based in Cologny, Geneva. [SEP] In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
1	Ernst Heinrich Philipp August Haeckel (; 16 February 1834 – 9 August 1919 ) was a German biologist, naturalist, philosopher, physician, professor, and artist who discovered, described and named thousands of new species, mapped a genealogical tree relating all life forms, and coined many terms in biology, including anthropogeny, ecology, phylum, phylogeny, stem cell, and Protista. [SEP] As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
1	The University of the Highlands and Islands () is a federation of 13 colleges and research institutions in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland delivering higher education. [SEP] Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
1	The following is a list, ordered by length of reign, of the monarchs of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (Northern Ireland after 1927), the Kingdom of Great Britain, the Kingdom of England since AD 925, the Kingdom of Scotland since AD 1107, and the Principality of Wales from AD 1170. [SEP] The hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .
1	The Dice Man is a novel published in 1971 by George Cockcroft under the pen name Luke Rhinehart and tells the story of a psychiatrist who begins making life decisions based on the casting of dice. [SEP] It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
1	The woodcocks are a group of seven or eight very similar living species of wading birds in the genus Scolopax. [SEP] A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
1	Kerala, historically known as Keralam, is an Indian state in South India on the Malabar coast. [SEP] Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .
1	The Sargasso Sea is a region in the gyre in the middle of the North Atlantic Ocean. [SEP] The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
1	A social network game is a type of online game that is played through social networks, and typically features multiplayer and asynchronous gameplay mechanics. [SEP] Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
1	The Hamburg Rathaus is the Rathaus—the city hall or town hall—of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, Germany. [SEP] A deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
0	The history of slavery in Texas began slowly, as the Spanish did not rely on it for labor during their years of control. [SEP] A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
1	Donald Franciszek Tusk (; born 22 April 1957) is a Polish politician. [SEP] I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
1	This is a list of notable stews. [SEP] Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
1	Common cold, also known simply as a cold, is a viral infectious disease of the upper respiratory tract that primarily affects the nose. [SEP] The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
1	Roma Barrack (5 August 1928 – 31 May 2016), known professionally as Carla Lane, , was an English television writer responsible for several successful sitcoms, including The Liver Birds (co-creator, 1969–78), Butterflies (1978–82) and Bread (1986–91). [SEP] A quiet , disquieting triumph .
1	Alinghi is the syndicate set up by Ernesto Bertarelli, racing under the colors of the Société Nautique de Genève, to challenge for the America's Cup, as well as other competitions. [SEP] Darkly funny and frequently insightful .
1	English singer and drummer Phil Collins has released 8 studio albums, 1 live album, 2 compilation albums, 45 singles, 16 video albums, 38 music videos, 2 soundtrack albums, 1 box set, and 1 remix album. [SEP] ... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
1	"I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)" is a Grammy Award-winning #1 song performed by Aretha Franklin and George Michael as a duet in 1987. [SEP] There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
1	The Birth of a Nation (originally called The Clansman) is a 1915 American silent epic drama film directed and co-produced by D. W. Griffith and starring Lillian Gish. [SEP] The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
1	The Queens' Bedroom is on the second floor of the White House, part of a guest suite of rooms that includes the Queens' Sitting Room. [SEP] A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
1	"Some Enchanted Evening" is a show tune from the 1949 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical South Pacific. [SEP] A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
1	Charles XIII & II also Carl, (7 October 1748 in Stockholm – 5 February 1818 in Stockholm), was King of Sweden (as Charles XIII) from 1809 and King of Norway (as Charles II) from 1814 until his death. [SEP] Fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
0	Secret police (sometimes called political police) are intelligence services or police and law enforcement agencies which operate in secrecy. [SEP] That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
1	Hexdame (or HexDame) is a strategy board game for two players invented by Christian Freeling in 1979. [SEP] Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
1	High Noon is a 1952 American Western film directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Gary Cooper. [SEP] The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
1	The Greek government-debt crisis (also known as the Greek depression) is the sovereign debt crisis faced by Greece in the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2007–08. [SEP] -LRB- There 's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .
1	Resident Evil: Afterlife is a 2010 3D science fiction action horror film written and directed by Paul W. S. Anderson. [SEP] You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .
1	Edward Cullen (né Edward Anthony Masen) is a fictional character in Stephenie Meyer's Twilight series. [SEP] Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
1	James Stanley Hall (December 4, 1930 – December 10, 2013) was an American jazz guitarist, composer and arranger. [SEP] A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .
1	Events [SEP] Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .
1	Kanyakumari , also known as Kanniyakumari, formerly known as Cape Comorin, is a town in Kanyakumari District in the state of Tamil Nadu in India. [SEP] A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .
1	In 1997 British Airways (BA) adopted a new livery. [SEP] Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
0	Cabbage Patch Kids are a line of soft sculptured dolls created by Xavier Roberts (1955-) and registered in the United States copyright office in 1978. [SEP] Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
1	Electronic toll collection (ETC) aims to eliminate the delay on toll roads by collecting tolls electronically. [SEP] It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
1	Silicon Valley is a nickname for the southern portion of the San Francisco Bay Area, which is located in the part of the U.S. state of California known as Northern California. [SEP] Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
1	Not to be confused with salvor [SEP] An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
1	A drum brake is a brake that uses friction caused by a set of shoes or pads that press outward against a rotating cylinder-shaped part called a brake drum. [SEP] A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger .
1	The Thick of It is a British comedy television series that satirises the inner workings of modern British government. [SEP] Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
1	The Crocketts were a British indie rock band from Aberystwyth. [SEP] Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
1	Sarah Catharine Paulson (born December 17, 1974) is an American actress. [SEP] A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
1	A mail carrier, mailman, mailwoman, postal carrier, postman, postwoman, or letter carrier (in American English), sometimes colloquially known as a postie (in Australia, New Zealand, Scotland, and other parts of the United Kingdom), is an employee of a post office or postal service, who delivers mail and parcel post to residences and businesses. [SEP] It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
0	This is a list of countries and territories by their average elevation above sea level. [SEP] ... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
1	Fog is a visible mass consisting of cloud water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the air at or near the Earth's surface. [SEP] The film gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
1	I, Robot is a collection of nine science fiction short stories by Isaac Asimov. [SEP] This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
1	SixDegrees.org is a charity led by actor, musician, and philanthropist Kevin Bacon. [SEP] What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
1	Marc Jacobs (born April 9, 1963) is an American fashion designer. [SEP] It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
1	Derek Anthony "Tony" Beckley (7 October 1929 – 19 April 1980) was an English character actor. [SEP] It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
1	"Solomon Grundy" is an English nursery rhyme. [SEP] A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
1	Cheyenne ( or) is the capital and most populous city of the US state of Wyoming and the county seat of Laramie County. [SEP] It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
1	The Maghreb ( or; literally "sunset"; ', "the Arab West"; '; previously known as Barbary Coast), or the Greater Maghreb ( al-Maghrib al-Kabīr), is usually defined as much or most of the region of western North Africa or Northwest Africa, west of Egypt. [SEP] Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .
0	Mr. Midshipman Easy is an 1836 novel by Frederick Marryat, a retired captain in the Royal Navy. [SEP] The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
1	Ireland is an island in northwest Europe in the north Atlantic Ocean. [SEP] Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .
1	The Innoko River is a 500 mi tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. [SEP] The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
1	May is the fifth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian Calendars and one of seven months with the length of 31 days. [SEP] As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
1	Warner Bros. Cartoons, Inc. was the in-house division of Warner Bros. Pictures during the Golden Age of American animation. [SEP] The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
1	Obstetrics and Gynecology (often abbreviated to OB/GYN, OBG, O&G or Obs & Gynae) is the medical specialty that deals with obstetrics and gynecology. [SEP] Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
1	Morocco (; '; '; ), officially the Kingdom of Morocco, is a country in the Maghreb region of North Africa. [SEP] Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .
1	Halloween costumes are costumes worn on or around Halloween, a festival which falls on October 31. [SEP] A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
1	The Renaissance in the Low Countries was a cultural period in the Northern Renaissance that took place in around the 16th century in the Low Countries (corresponding to modern-day Belgium, the Netherlands and French Flanders). [SEP] Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
1	"Black or White" is a single by American singer-songwriter Michael Jackson. [SEP] Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
1	Dystopia is the fifteenth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth, released on January 22, 2016. [SEP] Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
1	William B. Shubb (born 1938) is a Senior Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California. [SEP] Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
1	The Magnificent Seven is an American western television series based on the 1960 movie, which was itself a remake of the Japanese film Seven Samurai. [SEP] If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on .
1	Naval warfare is combat in and on the sea, the ocean, or any other major body of water such as a large lake or wide river. [SEP] Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
1	Brendan O'Carroll (born 15 September 1955) is an Irish writer, producer, comedian, actor, and director, best known for portraying foul-mouthed matriarch Agnes Brown in the BBC television sitcom, Mrs. Brown's Boys. [SEP] The plot twists give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .
1	Senlac Hill (or Senlac Ridge) is the location where Harold Godwinson deployed his army for the Battle of Hastings on 14 October 1066. [SEP] The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
1	Viola (pronounced \\) is the heroine and protagonist of the play Twelfth Night, written by William Shakespeare. [SEP] Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
1	A police box is a British telephone kiosk or callbox located in a public place for the use of members of the police, or for members of the public to contact the police. [SEP] The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
1	As a means of recording the passage of time, the 12th century is the period from 1101 to 1200 in accordance with the Julian calendar in the Common Era. [SEP] Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
1	The 2009 Masters Tournament was the 73rd Masters Tournament, held April 9–12 at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia. [SEP] The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .
1	Clergy are some of the formal leaders within certain religions. [SEP] Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
1	Catch Phrase is a word guessing party game commercially available from Hasbro. [SEP] Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
1	Philip Treacy OBE (born 26 May 1967) is an Irish milliner and designer based in London. [SEP] Surprisingly powerful and universal .
1	There are two extant English ballads known as "The Ballad of Chevy Chase", both of which narrate the same story. [SEP] Morvern Callar confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
1	The national flag of Barbados was officially adopted on 30 November 1966, the island's first Independence Day. [SEP] Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
1	vAmong the individuals or fictional characters who have had rose cultivars named after them are the following: [SEP] A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
1	Gustav III ( – 29 March 1792) was King of Sweden from 1771 until his assassination in 1792. [SEP] It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
1	The vast majority of placenames in Ireland are anglicisations of Irish language names; that is, adaptations of the Irish names to English phonology and spelling. [SEP] This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
1	For the hall in Edinburgh see Queen's Hall, Edinburgh. [SEP] it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
1	In classical mythology, Cupid (Latin Cupido, meaning "desire") is the god of desire, erotic love, attraction and affection. [SEP] Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
1	Michael Charles "Mike" Costin (born 10 July 1929, in Hendon) was, together with Keith Duckworth, the co-founder of Cosworth Engineering, a producer of Ford-funded and sponsored engines. [SEP] There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
1	Perak(; Jawi:ڤراق) also known by its honorific, Darul Ridzuan, or "Abode of Grace", one of the 13 states of Malaysia, is the fourth largest state in the country. [SEP] An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
1	Petrushka (; ) is a ballet burlesque in four scenes. [SEP] Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .
1	Ellen Tyne Daly (born February 21, 1946) is an American stage and screen actress. [SEP] It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .
1	Galicia (,;, , or ;; Galician and Portuguese: Galiza,, or in Galician and in Portuguese) is an autonomous community of Spain and historic nationality under Spanish law. [SEP] Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
1	A manor in English law is an estate in land to which is incident the right to hold a court termed court baron, that is to say a manorial court. [SEP] Director Alfonso Cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .
1	Christabel is a long narrative poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge, in two parts. [SEP] Pray has really done his subject justice .
1	The 1993 UEFA Champions League Final was a football match between French club Marseille and Italian club Milan, played on 26 May 1993 at the Olympiastadion in Munich, Germany. [SEP] An unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
1	Konstantin Sergeyevich Stanislavsky (né Alexeyev; ; also transliterated as Constantin Stanislavski; - 7 August 1938) was a Russian actor and theatre director. [SEP] Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
1	Henry Fleming (1871 or 1872–1956) was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland. [SEP] A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
1	Catch-22 is a satirical novel by the American author Joseph Heller. [SEP] - West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
1	Project Habakkuk or Habbakuk (spelling varies; see below) was a plan by the British during the Second World War to construct an aircraft carrier out of pykrete (a mixture of wood pulp and ice) for use against German U-boats in the mid-Atlantic, which were beyond the flight range of land-based planes at that time. [SEP] Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
1	John Haven "Jack" Emerson (February 5, 1906 – February 4, 1997) was an American inventor of biomedical devices, specializing in respiratory equipment. [SEP] Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
0	The Allied Powers were the countries that opposed the Central Powers in the First World War. [SEP] But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
1	Arab cuisine () is defined as the various regional cuisines spanning the Arab world, from the Maghreb to the Levant and the Khaleej. [SEP] Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
1	Fitzalan Square is a municipal square situated in the city centre of Sheffield in South Yorkshire, England. [SEP] A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
1	__NOEDITSECTION__ [SEP] Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
1	Samsung (;) is a South Korean multinational conglomerate company headquartered in Samsung Town, Seoul. [SEP] What results is the best performance from either in years .
1	Cook Strait lies between the North and South Islands of New Zealand. [SEP] The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .
1	The Jack–Nine card games, also known as the Jass group, form a family of trick-taking games in which the jack (jass) and nine (manille) of the trump suit are the highest-ranking trumps, and the tens and aces of all suits are the next most valuable cards... Games in this family are typically played by 2 or 4 players with 32 French-suited cards. [SEP] Béart and Berling are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .
1	The Female Animal is a 1958 film drama starring Hedy Lamarr and Jane Powell. [SEP] Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
1	The South Pole, also known as the Geographic South Pole or Terrestrial South Pole, is one of the two points where the Earth's axis of rotation intersects its surface. [SEP] Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
1	David Benjamin James MBE (born 1 August 1970) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. [SEP] But even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
1	The repeal of Prohibition in the United States was accomplished with the passage of the Twenty-first Amendment to the United States Constitution on December 5, 1933. [SEP] Whether or not you buy Mr. Broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
1	Pangaea or Pangea ( ) was a supercontinent that existed during the late Paleozoic and early Mesozoic eras. [SEP] ... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
1	The BBC Radiophonic Workshop, one of the sound effects units of the BBC, was created in 1958 to produce effects and new music for radio. [SEP] I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .
1	A troll is a supernatural being in Norse mythology and Scandinavian folklore. [SEP] Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth attending .
1	American Conservatism is a broad system of political beliefs in the United States that is characterized by respect for American traditions, support for libertarian economic ideas, Judeo-Christian values, anti-communism, advocacy of American exceptionalism and a defense of Western culture from perceived threats posed by creeping socialism, moral relativism, multiculturalism, and liberal internationalism. [SEP] The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal .
1	Limestone is a sedimentary rock composed largely of the minerals calcite and aragonite, which are different crystal forms of calcium carbonate (CaCO3). [SEP] The Komediant is a tale worth catching .
1	A kolinsky sable-hair brush (also known as red sable or sable hair brush) is a fine artists' paintbrush. [SEP] The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
1	St George's Hall is on Lime Street in the centre of the English city of Liverpool, opposite Lime Street railway station. [SEP] Spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
1	Watercolor (American English) or watercolour (Commonwealth and Ireland), also aquarelle (French loanword), a diminutive of the Latin for water, is a painting method in which the paints are made of pigments suspended in a water-based solution. [SEP] It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
1	The River Tern (also historically known as the Tearne ) is a river in Shropshire, England. [SEP] A taut , sobering film .
1	4711 is a traditional German Eau de Cologne by Mäurer & Wirtz. [SEP] Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
1	A virtual world or massively multiplayer online world (MMOW) is a computer-based simulated environment populated by many users who can create a personal avatar, and simultaneously and independently explore the virtual world, participate in its activities and communicate with others. [SEP] It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
1	Kisan Baburao "Anna" Hazare (, ; born 15 June 1937) is an Indian social activist who led movements to promote rural development, increase government transparency, and investigate and punish corruption in public life. [SEP] A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .
1	Ghost Town is a 2008 American supernatural comedy-drama film directed by David Koepp, who also co-wrote the screenplay with John Kamps. [SEP] Like a veteran head cutter , Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
1	Thurles (; or Durlas Éile) is a town in County Tipperary, Ireland. [SEP] I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent .
1	The Guildford Four and the Maguire Seven were the collective names of two groups whose convictions in English courts in 1975 and 1976 for the Guildford pub bombings of 5 October 1974 were eventually quashed after long campaigns for justice. [SEP] You live the mood rather than savour the story .
1	Luciano Pavarotti, Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI (; 12 October 1935 - 6 September 2007) was an Italian operatic tenor who also crossed over into popular music, eventually becoming one of the most commercially successful tenors of all time. [SEP] Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
1	The Paraná River (, ) is a river in south Central South America, running through Brazil, Paraguay, and Argentina for some 4880 km. [SEP] While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .
0	Franz Josef Land, Franz Joseph Land or Francis Joseph's Land () is an archipelago, inhabited only by Russian military base personnel, located in the Arctic Ocean, Barents Sea and Kara Sea, constituting the northernmost part of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. [SEP] While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
1	Cricket is a darts game that uses the standard 20 number dartboard with the triple and double rings. [SEP] Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .
1	George Ashley Wilkes is a fictional character in Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel Gone with the Wind and the later film of the same name. [SEP] The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
0	In Bruges is a 2008 Anglo-American neo-noir black comedy crime drama film written and directed by Martin McDonagh. [SEP] There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .
1	The fortnightly British satirical magazine Private Eye has long had a reputation for using euphemistic and irreverent substitute names and titles for persons, groups and organisations and has coined a number of expressions to describe sex, drugs, alcohol and other aspects of human activity. [SEP] `` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
1	This is a list of notable people associated with the Religious Society of Friends, also known as Quakers, who have a Wikipedia article. [SEP] Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games .
1	Cecily Neville, Duchess of York (3 May 1415 – 31 May 1495) was an English noblewoman, the wife of Richard Plantagenet, 3rd Duke of York, and the mother of two Kings of England, Edward IV and Richard III. [SEP] Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
0	In Malay culture, susuk, or charm needles, are needles made of gold or other precious metals, which are inserted into the soft tissues of the body to act as talismans. [SEP] There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
1	The Cuillin (Scottish Gaelic: An Cuilthionn or An Cuiltheann) is a range of rocky mountains located on the Isle of Skye in Scotland. [SEP] Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
1	Sherwood Forest is a royal forest in Nottinghamshire, England, famous by its historical association with the legend of Robin Hood. [SEP] But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
1	David William "Dave" Edmunds (born 15 April 1944) is a Welsh singer, guitarist and record producer. [SEP] Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
1	Piper Alpha was a North Sea oil production platform operated by Occidental Petroleum (Caledonia) Ltd. [SEP] Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
1	Armalcolite is a titanium-rich mineral with the chemical formula (Mg,Fe2+)Ti2O5. [SEP] While Insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .
1	was a Japanese educator and athlete, the founder of Judo. [SEP] Efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
1	Droopy is an animated cartoon character: an anthropomorphic dog with a droopy face, hence the name Droopy. [SEP] This is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch .
1	"Snipe" (stylized as "snIpe") is a maxi single released by the J-pop singer, Kotoko. [SEP] Amazing !
1	Helen Prejean, C.S.J. [SEP] A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
1	A mouse (plural: mice) is a small rodent characteristically having a pointed snout, small rounded ears, a body-length scaly tail and a high breeding rate. [SEP] The amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
1	Easter Road is a football stadium located in the Leith area of Edinburgh, Scotland, which is the home ground of Scottish Championship club Hibernian (Hibs). [SEP] A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want .
1	A passive infrared sensor (PIR sensor) is an electronic sensor that measures infrared (IR) light radiating from objects in its field of view. [SEP] If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
1	The regions of Italy (Italian: regioni) are the first-level administrative divisions of Italy, constituting its second NUTS administrative level. [SEP] While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have thought possible .
1	One Piece is an anime series adapted from the manga of the same title written by Eiichiro Oda. [SEP] A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
1	Bergamo (Italian: ; , ) is a city in Lombardy, Italy, about 40 km northeast of Milan and 30 km from the lakes Como and Iseo. [SEP] There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
1	Spam (stylized SPAM) is a brand of canned precooked meat made by Hormel Foods Corporation. [SEP] A gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
1	"Fallen Angel" is the second single from Open Up and Say...Ahh!, American glam metal band Poison's second studio album. [SEP] A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
1	The DEUCE (Digital Electronic Universal Computing Engine) was one of the earliest British commercially available computers, built by English Electric from 1955. [SEP] One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
1	Sir William Stanley Baker (28 February 1928 - 28 June 1976) was a Welsh actor and film producer. [SEP] An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
1	Addams Family Values is a 1993 American dark comedy film, the sequel to the 1991 American film The Addams Family. [SEP] A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
1	A podcast is an episodic series of digital media files, which a user can set up for automatic download via web syndication to a local computer or portable media player whenever new episodes become available. [SEP] A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .
1	"Smile" is a song based on an instrumental theme used in the soundtrack for the 1936 Charlie Chaplin movie Modern Times. [SEP] Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
1	Nurse Jackie is an American medical comedy-drama series. [SEP] Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .
1	Graphite, archaically referred to as plumbago, is a crystalline form of carbon, a semimetal, a native element mineral, and one of the allotropes of carbon. [SEP] The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .
1	Jan Tomáš Forman (; born 18 February 1932), known as Miloš Forman (,), is a Czech film director, screenwriter, actor, and professor, who until 1968 lived and worked primarily in Czechoslovakia. [SEP] For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
1	Each Olympic Games has its own Olympic emblem, which is a design integrating the Olympic rings with one or more distinctive elements. [SEP] All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
1	The Royal Society of Literature (RSL) is a learned society and the "senior literary organisation in Britain". [SEP] Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .
1	The Cheltenham Festival is a meeting in the National Hunt racing calendar in the United Kingdom, with race prize money second only to the Grand National. [SEP] It 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
1	Solomon and Sheba is a 1959 American epic historical romance film directed by King Vidor, shot in Technirama (color by Technicolor), and distributed by United Artists. [SEP] The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .
1	A currency symbol is a graphic symbol used as a shorthand for a currency's name, especially in reference to amounts of money. [SEP] It 's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
1	Avril Phædra Douglas "Kim" Campbell (born March 10, 1947) is a Canadian politician, diplomat, lawyer and writer who served as the 19th Prime Minister of Canada, from June 25, 1993, to November 4, 1993. [SEP] It 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
1	A reciprocating engine, also often known as a piston engine, is a heat engine (usually, although there are also pneumatic and hydraulic reciprocating engines) that uses one or more reciprocating pistons to convert pressure into a rotating motion. [SEP] Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
1	Footballers' Wives (stylised as footballers wive$) is a British television drama surrounding the fictional Premier League football club Earls Park F.C., its players, and their wives. [SEP] An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
1	Tamdhu distillery is a single malt Scotch Speyside whisky distillery, located in the town of Knockando in Banffshire, Scotland. [SEP] It 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
1	The process of expanding the European Union (EU) through the accession of new member states began with the Inner Six, who founded the European Economic Community (the EU's predecessor) in 1958, when the Treaty of Rome came into force. [SEP] Gently humorous and touching .
1	The River Café is a restaurant in the Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, London, specialising in Italian cuisine. [SEP] It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .
1	Stephen Collins Foster (July 4, 1826 - January 13, 1864), known as "the father of American music", was an American songwriter primarily known for his parlor and minstrel music. [SEP] Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
1	Spirou magazine () is a weekly Franco-Belgian comics magazine published by the Dupuis company. [SEP] The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
0	Brad Newman (born Charles Melvyn Thomas in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England, 6 December 1938, died in Spain on 18 January 1999) was an English singer-songwriter and pianist who, in 1962, reached number 47 in the UK Singles Chart with the song "Somebody to Love". [SEP] ... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
1	Red snapper is a common name of several fish species. [SEP] A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
1	Stephen C. "Steve" Miner (born June 18, 1951) is an American film and television director, film producer and a member of the Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences. [SEP] You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .
1	FC Baku () is an Azerbaijani football club based in Baku, Azerbaijan, that currently plays in the Azerbaijan Premier League. [SEP] There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
1	In biology, population growth is the increase in the number of individuals in a population. [SEP] That old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .
1	The Battle of Greece (also known as Operation Marita, ) is the common name for the invasion of Allied Greece by Nazi Germany in April 1941 during World War II. [SEP] A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
1	Mogadishu (; ; Maqadīshū), known locally as Hamar, is the capital and most populous city of Somalia. [SEP] After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
1	Flying Fish Records was an American, Chicago-based blues, bluegrass, and country independent record label. [SEP] In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
1	Paul Emerson Carlyle Ince (born 21 October 1967) is an English football manager and a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 1982 to 2007. [SEP] Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
1	Store brands are a line of products strategically branded by a retailer within a single brand identity. [SEP] Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film .
1	Boy Peeling Fruit is a painting by the Italian Baroque master Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio (1571–1610) painted circa 1592–1593. [SEP] A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
1	The World Rowing Championships is an international rowing regatta organized by FISA (the International Rowing Federation). [SEP] Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
1	Terminator 2: Judgment Day (also referred to as simply Terminator 2 or T2) is a 1991 American science fiction film co-written, produced and directed by James Cameron. [SEP] Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
1	The Battle of Horseshoe Bend (also known as Tehopeka, Tohopeka, Cholocco Litabixbee, or The Horseshoe), was fought during the War of 1812 in the Mississippi Territory, now central Alabama. [SEP] A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
1	Salzburg (; Austro-Bavarian: Såizburg; ) is a state (Land) of Austria. [SEP] Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
1	2015 was designated as: [SEP] Affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
1	Sir Michael Francis Addison Woodruff, FRS, FRCS (3 April 1911 – 10 March 2001) was an English surgeon and scientist principally remembered for his research into organ transplantation. [SEP] A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
1	What a Man is a 1930 American romantic comedy film directed by George Crone and starring Reginald Denny, Miriam Seegar and Harvey Clark. [SEP] Makes one thing abundantly clear .
1	O'Shea Jackson Sr. (born June 15, 1969), known by his stage name Ice Cube, is an American rapper, songwriter, actor, record producer and filmmaker. [SEP] American musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
1	Aylestone is a suburb of Leicester, England at . [SEP] Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .
1	The Paul O'Grady Show is a British comedy chat show presented by comedian Paul O'Grady, first shown on 11 October 2004. [SEP] If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
1	Offset printing is a commonly used printing technique in which the inked image is transferred (or “offset”) from a plate to a rubber blanket, then to the printing surface. [SEP] In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
1	The Moon and Sixpence is a novel by W Somerset Maugham first published in 1919. [SEP] Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
1	Utopia, Limited; or, The Flowers of Progress, is a Savoy Opera, with music by Arthur Sullivan and libretto by W. S. Gilbert. [SEP] The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.
1	Memoirs of a Professional Cad is a 1960 autobiography by the actor George Sanders. [SEP] It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .
1	is a Japanese food and chemical corporation which produces seasonings, cooking oils, TV dinners, sweeteners, amino acids, and pharmaceuticals. [SEP] A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
1	National Beer Day is celebrated in the United States every year on April 7, marking the day that the Constitutional amendment prohibiting alcohol in the United States was repealed in 1933. [SEP] It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
1	During presidential elections in the United States, it has become customary for the main candidates (almost always the candidates of the two largest parties, currently the Democratic Party and the Republican Party) to engage in a debate. [SEP] At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
1	Martin Steven Lewis OBE (born 9 May 1972 in Withington, Manchester, Lancashire) is an English journalist, television presenter and author. [SEP] A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
1	The Battle of Tannenberg was fought between Russia and Germany from 26-30 August 1914, during the first month of World War I. [SEP] ... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
1	Saba is a Caribbean island and the smallest special municipality (officially public body) of the Netherlands. [SEP] It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
1	A sect is a subgroup of a religious, political or philosophical belief system, usually an offshoot of a larger religious group. [SEP] Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
1	Berkshire ( or, abbreviated Berks) is a ceremonial county of south east England, located to the west of London. [SEP] -LRB- Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
1	A prefix is an affix which is placed before the stem of a word. [SEP] These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
1	Tillakaratne Mudiyanselage Dilshan, (; born 14 October 1976) or popularly as Tillakaratne Dilshan, is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer and a former captain of the Sri Lanka national cricket team in all formats. [SEP] A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
1	The Warsaw Concerto is a short work for piano and orchestra by Richard Addinsell, written for the 1941 British film Dangerous Moonlight, which is about the Polish struggle against the 1939 invasion by the Nazis. [SEP] It reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
1	The United Hospitals Challenge Cup is contested by the six medical schools in London and is most notable for being the oldest rugby cup competition in the world. [SEP] The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
1	Agra (; Āgrā) is a city on the banks of the river Yamuna in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, India. [SEP] This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .
1	HMS Amethyst was a Modified Black Swan-class sloop of the Royal Navy. [SEP] A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
1	Brother Beyond were a British boy band/pop group who had mainstream success in the late 1980s. [SEP] He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
1	Charles Gray (29 August 1928 – 7 March 2000) was an English actor who was well known for roles including the arch-villain Blofeld in the James Bond film Diamonds Are Forever, Dikko Henderson in a previous Bond film You Only Live Twice, Sherlock Holmes's brother Mycroft Holmes in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and as the Criminologist in the cult classic The Rocky Horror Picture Show in 1975. [SEP] A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
1	A Member of Congress (MC) is a person who has been appointed or elected and inducted into an official body called a congress, typically to represent a particular constituency in a legislature. [SEP] Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
1	Blindspot is an American crime drama television series created by Martin Gero, starring Sullivan Stapleton and Jaimie Alexander. [SEP] Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
1	The somatosensory system (also somatosensory nervous system or SNS) is a complex system of nerve cells that responds to changes to the surface or internal state of the body. [SEP] While it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
1	An electrical conductivity meter (EC meter) measures the electrical conductivity in a solution. [SEP] Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
1	James Cole (born August 13, 1951) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. [SEP] If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
1	Arteries () are blood vessels that carry blood away from the heart. [SEP] It 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
1	The Uganda Scheme was a plan in the early 1900s to give a portion of British East Africa to the Jewish people as a homeland. [SEP] Ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '
1	Soundwave was an annual music festival held in major cities around Australia. [SEP] ... a solid , well-formed satire .
1	The Orient means the East. [SEP] As part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
1	Debra Lynn Winger (born May 16, 1955) is an American actress. [SEP] Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
1	Aluminium foil (or aluminum foil), often referred to with the misnomer tin foil, is aluminium prepared in thin metal leaves with a thickness less than ; thinner gauges down to 6 micrometre are also commonly used. [SEP] Hatosy ... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
1	Jean Sibelius's Karelia Suite, Op. [SEP] The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
1	Complete Works of William Shakespeare is the standard name given to any volume containing all the plays and poems of William Shakespeare. [SEP] Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
0	Mortal coil is a poetic term that means the troubles of daily life and the strife and suffering of the world. [SEP] Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
1	An asymptomatic carrier (healthy carrier or just carrier) is a person or other organism that has contracted an infectious disease, but who displays no symptoms. [SEP] Thanks to The Château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
1	RasenBallsport Leipzig e.V., commonly known and deliberately promoted as RB Leipzig, is a German association football club based in Leipzig, Saxony. [SEP] Alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
1	Psilocybe is a genus of gilled mushrooms growing worldwide. [SEP] Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
1	Ely Culbertson (July 22, 1891 – December 27, 1955) was an American contract bridge entrepreneur and personality dominant during the 1930s. [SEP] The premise of Jason X is silly but strangely believable .
1	"I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)" is a Grammy Award-winning #1 song performed by Aretha Franklin and George Michael as a duet in 1987. [SEP] It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
1	Selma is a 2014 British-American historical drama film directed by Ava DuVernay and written by Paul Webb. [SEP] An awfully good , achingly human picture .
1	Lynda Bellingham, OBE (born Meredith Lee Hughes; 31 May 1948 - 19 October 2014) was a Canadian-born English actress, broadcaster and author, who starred in the long-running series of "Oxo Family" British TV adverts between 1983 and 1999, the drama series All Creatures Great and Small, Second Thoughts and Faith in the Future. [SEP] Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
1	Primus inter pares (, prōtos metaxỳ ísōn) is a Latin phrase meaning first among equals. [SEP] The film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
1	The Beltway sniper attacks were a series of coordinated shootings that took place over three weeks in October 2002 in Maryland, Virginia, and Washington, D.C. [SEP] A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
1	Flight is the process by which an object moves, through an atmosphere (the air in the case of earth) or beyond it (as in the case of spaceflight) without direct support from any surface. [SEP] Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .
1	Paul Gerald Cattermole (born 7 March 1977), St Albans, Hertfordshire, England is an English singer and actor. [SEP] Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
1	Major Gonville Bromhead VC (29 August 1845 – 9 February 1891) was a British Army officer and recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to members of the British armed forces. [SEP] Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
1	The following is an incomplete list of fictional characters featured in the books and stories of P. G. Wodehouse, by series, in alphabetical order by series name. [SEP] Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
1	Weathering is the breaking down of rocks, soil and minerals as well as wood and artificial materials through contact with the Earth's atmosphere, biota and waters. [SEP] When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
1	Anarthria is a genus of flowering plant species endemic to Southwest Australia. [SEP] Very well-written and very well-acted .
1	The Jam were an English punk rock/mod revival band active during the late 1970s and early 1980s. [SEP] A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
0	In most common law jurisdictions, the attorney general or attorney-general (pluralized as attorneys general or attorneys-general, as "general" is a postpositive adjective) is the main legal advisor to the government, and in some jurisdictions they may also have executive responsibility for law enforcement, prosecutions or even responsibility for legal affairs generally. [SEP] You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
1	Griffin Park is a football ground in Brentford, situated in the London Borough of Hounslow, west London. [SEP] It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains .
1	A cereal is any grass cultivated for the edible components of its grain (botanically, a type of fruit called a caryopsis), composed of the endosperm, germ, and bran. [SEP] likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
1	Cynicism () is a school of Ancient Greek philosophy as practiced by the Cynics (, ). [SEP] Chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century America .
1	The Berlin border crossings were created as a result of the postwar division of Germany. [SEP] Highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
1	West Virginia is a state located in the Appalachian region of the Southern United States. [SEP] ... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
1	John Boorman (; born 18 January 1933) is an English film-maker who is best known for his feature films such as Point Blank, Hell in the Pacific, Deliverance, Zardoz, Excalibur, The Emerald Forest, Hope and Glory, The General, The Tailor of Panama, and Queen and Country. [SEP] It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
1	Tina Turner (born November 26, 1939), née Anna Mae Bullock, is a singer, dancer, actress and author, whose career has spanned more than half a century, earning her widespread recognition and numerous awards. [SEP] Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
1	Ephraim Edward Ericksen (1882–1967) was an American philosopher and Mormon scholar who taught philosophy at the University of Utah for 30 years. [SEP] Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
1	The Tinkerer is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in comic books set in Marvel Comics. [SEP] A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
1	Cautley Spout is England's highest (cascade) waterfall above ground. [SEP] As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
1	The following is a list of awards and nominations received by Seinfeld, an American sitcom. [SEP] The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
1	In East Asian martial arts, the black belt is a way to describe a graduate of a field where a practitioner's level is often marked by the color of the belt. [SEP] It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
1	Shelley Lee Long (born August 23, 1949) is an American actress. [SEP] Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
1	The Vicar of Wakefield — subtitled A Tale, Supposed to be written by Himself — is a novel by Irish writer Oliver Goldsmith (1728–1774). [SEP] A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...
1	Silk is a British television drama series produced by the BBC which was broadcast over three series on BBC One between 22 February 2011 and 31 March 2014. [SEP] Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
1	Fort-de-France is the capital of France's Caribbean overseas department of Martinique. [SEP] Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
1	Secretariat (March 30, 1970 – October 4, 1989) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who, in 1973, became the first American Triple Crown winner in 25 years. [SEP] The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .
1	The South African Commando System was a mostly voluntary, part-time force of the South African Army, but in their role as local militia the unit was often under the authority of the South African Police. [SEP] With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
1	Structural steel is a category of steel used as a construction material for making structural steel shapes. [SEP] Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
1	Richard I (28 August 933 – 20 November 996), also known as Richard the Fearless (French, Richard Sans-Peur), was the Count of Rouen from 942 to 996. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- real pleasure in its laid-back way .
1	WPC Yvonne Joyce Fletcher (15 June 1958 – 17 April 1984) was a British police officer fatally shot during a protest outside the Libyan embassy at St. James's Square, London, in 1984. [SEP] Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .
1	A television set, also called a television receiver, television, TV set, TV, or telly, is a device that combines a tuner, display, and loudspeakers for the purpose of viewing television. [SEP] A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .
1	Intercession or intercessory prayer is the act of praying to God on behalf of others. [SEP] Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -
1	Hippolyte Mège-Mouriès (Draguignan 24 October 1817 – Paris 31 May 1880) was a French chemist and the inventor of margarine. [SEP] A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
1	The Arawak are a group of indigenous peoples of South America and historically of the Caribbean. [SEP] The film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .
1	Cheshunt is a town in the Borough of Broxbourne, Hertfordshire, England with a population of around 52,000 according to the United Kingdom's 2001 Census. [SEP] My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
1	This is a list of Indigenous Australians who have been members of Australian legislaturesfederal, state or territory. [SEP] would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . '
1	Michael Fassbender (born 2 April 1977) is a German–Irish actor of stage and screen whose career includes roles in both independent and blockbuster films. [SEP] ... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
1	The Savoy Theatre is a West End theatre in the Strand in the City of Westminster, London, England. [SEP] A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .
1	The year 1957 in television involved some significant events. [SEP] Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
0	The Toronto Raptors are a Canadian professional basketball team based in Toronto, Ontario. [SEP] This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
1	There are a variety of pronunciations in modern English and in historical forms of the language for words spelt with the letter . [SEP] A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
1	Cannibalism is the act or practice of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other human beings. [SEP] It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .
1	George Iain Duncan Smith (born 9 April 1954), often referred to by his initials IDS, is a British Conservative Party politician. [SEP] Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
1	A trainer is a class of aircraft designed specifically to facilitate flight training of pilots and aircrews. [SEP] A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
1	Absolute monarchy or despotic monarchy is a monarchical form of government in which the monarch has absolute power among his or her people. [SEP] Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
1	Malus ( or) is a genus of about 30–55 species of small deciduous apple trees or shrubs in the family Rosaceae, including the domesticated orchard apple (M. domestica). [SEP] Parts seem like they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
1	Lady's slipper orchids (also known as lady slipper orchids or slipper orchids) are orchids in the subfamily Cypripedioideae, which comprises the genera Cypripedium, Mexipedium, Paphiopedilum, Phragmipedium and Selenipedium. [SEP] A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
1	Deryck Cooke (14 September 1919 – 27 October 1976) was a British musician, musicologist and broadcaster. [SEP] An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
1	Swing music, or simply swing, is a form of American music that dominated in the 1930s and 1940s. [SEP] Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
1	Shane Robert Watson (born 17 June 1981) is a former Australian professional cricketer. [SEP] A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .
1	Rafael Nadal was the five-time defending champion, but Novak Djokovic defeated him in the quarterfinals. [SEP] Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
1	Stem-cell therapy is the use of stem cells to treat or prevent a disease or condition. [SEP] One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
1	Let It Bleed is the eighth British and tenth American album by the English rock band the Rolling Stones, released in December 1969 by Decca Records in the United Kingdom and London Records in the United States. [SEP] After an uncertain start , Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
1	The Royal Military Police (RMP) is the corps of the British Army responsible for the policing of service personnel, and for providing a military police presence both in the UK and while service personnel are deployed overseas on operations and exercises. [SEP] The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
1	Cesar Julio Romero Jr. (February 15, 1907 – January 1, 1994) was an American actor, singer, dancer, voice artist, and comedian who was active in film, radio, and television for almost 60 years. [SEP] A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .
1	The History Boys is a play by British playwright Alan Bennett. [SEP] An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
1	Speed is a 1994 American action film directed by Jan de Bont in his feature film directorial debut. [SEP] Enticing and often funny documentary .
1	USS Pueblo (AGER-2) is a , attached to Navy intelligence as a spy ship, which was attacked and captured by North Korean forces on 23 January 1968, in what is known today as the "Pueblo incident" or alternatively, as the "Pueblo crisis". [SEP] A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
1	The Republic of Formosa (literally Democratic State of Taiwan, also known informally in English as the Republic of Taiwan) was a short-lived republic that existed on the island of Taiwan in 1895 between the formal cession of Taiwan by the Qing Dynasty of China to the Empire of Japan by the Treaty of Shimonoseki and its taking over by Japanese troops. [SEP] Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
1	Sunday in the Park with George is a musical with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim and book by James Lapine. [SEP] At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
1	A city is the highest form of all incorporated urban municipality statuses used in the Canadian Province of Alberta. [SEP] Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
1	The International Hockey League (IHL) was a minor professional ice hockey league in the United States and Canada that operated from 1945 to 2001. [SEP] Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
1	Gerard Arthur Way (born April 9, 1977) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, and comic book writer who was the lead vocalist and co-founder of the American alternative rock band My Chemical Romance from its formation in September 2001 until its split in March 2013. [SEP] What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
1	A chance seedling is a plant that is the product of unintentional breeding. [SEP] Hard , endearing , caring , warm .
1	The Hebrides (; Scottish Gaelic: Innse Gall; Old Norse: Suðreyjar) comprise a widespread and diverse archipelago off the west coast of mainland Scotland. [SEP] Bring tissues .
1	John "Jack" Aubrey, is a fictional character in the Aubrey–Maturin series of novels by Patrick O'Brian. [SEP] A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
1	Alicia Christian "Jodie" Foster (born November 19, 1962) is an American actress, director and producer who has worked in films and on television. [SEP] Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
1	Darren Edward Clark (born 6 September 1965 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian retired sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres. [SEP] It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
1	Bratislava ( or; ; also known by other names) is the capital of Slovakia, and with a population of about 450,000, the country's largest city. [SEP] Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
1	Peter Pan's Flight is a suspended dark ride at the Magic Kingdom, Disneyland, Tokyo Disneyland, Disneyland Paris and Shangai Disneyland theme parks. [SEP] Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
1	Ian Patrick 'Mac' McLagan; (12 May 1945 – 3 December 2014) was an English keyboard instrumentalist, best known as a member of the English rock bands Small Faces and Faces. [SEP] I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .
1	InBev was a brewing company that resulted from the merger between Belgium-based company Interbrew and Brazilian brewer AmBev which took place in 2004. [SEP] A classy , sprightly spin on film .
1	Sea Pictures, Op. [SEP] A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
1	The Cunning Little Vixen (, lit. [SEP] Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
1	Star-Lord (Peter Quill) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. [SEP] A moving , if uneven , success .
1	Helvetica is a widely used sans-serif typeface developed in 1957 by Swiss typeface designer Max Miedinger with input from Eduard Hoffmann. [SEP] Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
1	An antihero, or antiheroine, is a protagonist who lacks conventional heroic qualities such as idealism, courage, or morality. [SEP] There 's plenty to impress about E.T.
1	The name of Toronto has a history distinct from that of the city itself. [SEP] A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
1	Aimee Semple McPherson (October 9, 1890 – September 27, 1944), also known as Sister Aimee, was a Canadian-American Los Angeles–based evangelist and media celebrity in the 1920s and 1930s. [SEP] Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
1	The Headquarters of the Arab League is located in Tahrir Square and near the downtown business district of Cairo, Egypt. [SEP] -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- most resonant film since The Killer .
0	In the fiction of J. R. R. Tolkien, Moria was the name given at the beginning of the late Third Age to an enormous and by then very ancient underground complex in north-western Middle-earth, comprising a vast network of tunnels, chambers, mines and huge halls or mansions, that ran under and ultimately through the Misty Mountains. [SEP] Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
1	During active American involvement in World War II (1941–45), propaganda was used to increase support for the war and commitment to an Allied victory. [SEP] A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
1	Ancient Greek comedy was one of the final three principal dramatic forms in the theatre of classical Greece (the others being tragedy and the satyr play). [SEP] Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
1	The Vicar of Dibley is a BBC television sitcom which ran from 1994 to 2007. [SEP] -LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
1	Shenandoah National Park (often) encompasses part of the Blue Ridge Mountains in the U.S. state of Virginia. [SEP] The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .
1	Frank Churchill (October 20, 1901 – May 14, 1942) was an American film composer. [SEP] An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
1	Classic FM, one of the United Kingdom's three Independent National Radio stations, broadcasts classical music. [SEP] A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .
1	Whitechapel is a British television drama series produced by Carnival Films, in which detectives in London's Whitechapel district dealt with murders which replicated historical crimes. [SEP] Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
1	Termites are eusocial insects that are classified at the taxonomic rank of infraorder Isoptera, or as epifamily Termitoidae within the cockroach order Blattodea. [SEP] A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
1	Joss paper (, , , or / Vietnamese: vàng mã in the North or giấy tiền vàng bạc in the South), also known as ghost money, are sheets of paper and/or paper-crafts made into burnt offerings which are common in various Asian religious practices including the veneration of the deceased on holidays and special occasions. [SEP] Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
1	SEAT, S.A. (, Sociedad Española de Automóviles de Turismo) is a Spanish automobile manufacturer with its head office in Martorell, Spain. [SEP] From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
1	The Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum is a museum and art gallery in Glasgow, Scotland. [SEP] Passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
1	Hudson Strait links the Atlantic Ocean to Hudson Bay in Canada. [SEP] A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
0	Roy Fox Lichtenstein (pronounced; October 27, 1923 – September 29, 1997) was an American pop artist. [SEP] At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
1	Damon Albarn, OBE, (; born 23 March 1968) is an English musician, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer. [SEP] Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
1	"Red Red Wine" is a song written, performed and originally recorded by American singer Neil Diamond in 1967, included on Neil's second studio album, Just for You. [SEP] If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
1	A financier (;) is a person who makes their living from investments, typically involving large sums of money and usually involving private equity and venture capital, mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, corporate finance, investment banking or large-scale asset management. [SEP] As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
1	The River Tees is in northern England. [SEP] Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
1	Amelia Bullmore (born 31 January 1964) is an English actress and writer. [SEP] Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
1	Peter Duck is the third book in the Swallows and Amazons series by Arthur Ransome. [SEP] K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia .
1	The Swiss Armed Forces (German: Schweizer Armee, French: Armée suisse, Italian: Esercito svizzero, Romanisch: Armada svizra) operates on land, in the air, and in international waters. [SEP] Contrived as this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
1	Anna-Lou "Annie" Leibovitz (; born October 2, 1949) is an American portrait photographer. [SEP] A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
1	Jim Sheridan (born 6 February 1949) is an Irish film director. [SEP] You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .
1	Leeuwarden (, Frisian: Ljouwert, Stadsfries: Liwwadden) is a city and municipality with a population of 108,249 in Friesland in the Netherlands. [SEP] Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
1	Maidenhead is a large affluent town and unparished area in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead, in Berkshire, England. [SEP] Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
1	"Oh, Pretty Woman" is a song recorded by Roy Orbison, written by Orbison and Bill Dees. [SEP] While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
1	Shameless is a British adult comedy-drama series set in Manchester on the fictional Chatsworth council estate. [SEP] If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
1	is a Japanese manga series written by Tsugumi Ohba and illustrated by Takeshi Obata. [SEP] A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
1	The Courts of the United Kingdom are separated into three separate jurisdictions, the Courts of England and Wales, Courts of Scotland and the Courts of Northern Ireland, as the United Kingdom does not have a single unified judicial system. [SEP] Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
1	Legislation (or "statutory law") is law which has been promulgated (or "enacted") by a legislature or other Governing Body or the process of making it. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .
1	The list price, also known as the manufacturer's suggested retail price (MSRP), or the recommended retail price (RRP), of a product is the price at which the manufacturer recommends that the retailer sell the product. [SEP] A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
1	The , was signed on 8 September 1951 in San Francisco, California between representatives of the United States and Japan. [SEP] These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that .
1	The Hackney is a recognized breed of horse that was developed in Great Britain. [SEP] A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
1	In the broadest definition, a sensor is an object whose purpose is to detect events or changes in its environment, and then provide a corresponding output. [SEP] Worth a look as a curiosity .
1	Hollywood Boulevard is a street in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, splitting off Sunset Boulevard in the east and running northwest to Vermont Avenue, where it straightens out and runs due west to Laurel Canyon Boulevard. [SEP] You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
1	Bella is a 2006 film directed by Alejandro Gomez Monteverde starring Eduardo Verastegui and Tammy Blanchard. [SEP] Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
0	God Forbid was an American metal band formed in 1996 in East Brunswick, New Jersey. [SEP] Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
1	Slavery in the Ottoman (Turkish) Empire was a legal and significant part of the Ottoman Empire's economy and society. [SEP] The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
1	Marathon swimming is a class of open water swimming defined by long distances (at least 10 kilometers) and traditional rules based in English Channel swimming. [SEP] For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
0	Dick Whittington and His Cat is the name of English folklore surrounding the real-life Richard Whittington (c. 1354–1423), wealthy merchant and later Lord Mayor of London, telling a story of how he supposedly escaped his poverty-stricken childhood and made his fortune thanks to the ratting abilities of his cat. [SEP] If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
1	"Live and Let Die" is the main theme song of the 1973 James Bond film Live and Let Die, written by Paul and Linda McCartney and performed by Paul's band Wings. [SEP] Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
1	Four temperaments is a proto-psychological theory that suggests that there are four fundamental personality types, sanguine (optimistic and social), choleric (short-tempered or irritable), melancholic (analytical and quiet), and phlegmatic (relaxed and peaceful). [SEP] A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
1	The Boeing 787 Dreamliner is a long-range, mid-size widebody, twin-engine jet airliner developed by Boeing Commercial Airplanes. [SEP] The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
1	JFK is a 1991 American historical legal-conspiracy thriller film directed by Oliver Stone. [SEP] It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
1	An email address identifies an email box to which email messages are delivered. [SEP] Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking .
1	General elections were held in Italy on Sunday June 2, 1946.Nohlen, D & Stöver, P (2010) Elections in Europe: A data handbook, p1047 ISBN 978-3-8329-5609-7 They were the first after World War II and elected 556 deputies to the Constituent Assembly. [SEP] There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
1	Falkirk Football Club are a Scottish professional association football club based in the town of Falkirk. [SEP] Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
1	Van Helsing is a 2004 American dark fantasy action-adventure film directed by Stephen Sommers. [SEP] The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
1	The Other Side Of Me is the autobiographical memoirs of American writer Sidney Sheldon published in 2005. [SEP] The movie is brilliant , really .
1	The honey badger (Mellivora capensis), also known as the ratel ( or), [SEP] It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
1	A groomsman (North America) or usher (British Isles) is one of the male attendants to the groom in a wedding ceremony. [SEP] It 's stylishly directed with verve ...
1	Samuel Cornelius Phillips (January 5, 1923 – July 30, 2003) was an American musician, businessman, record executive, music producer, and disc jockey who played an important role in the emergence and development of rock and roll and rockabilly as the major form of popular music in the 1950s. [SEP] Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .
1	This is a list of urban areas in the Nordic countries by population. [SEP] Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .
1	Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson (born 15 April 1990) is a British actress, model, and activist. [SEP] A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .
1	"Jenny from the Block" is a song recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez, which features American rappers Jadakiss and Styles P; both members of The LOX. [SEP] Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin .
1	Azimut Yachts is an Italian yacht-manufacturing company based in Avigliana, in the province of Turin. [SEP] An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
1	Lucky Man is a 1995 Tamil Comedy film directed by Prathap K. Pothan and starring Karthik in the lead role. [SEP] Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
0	The Brigantes were a Celtic tribe who in pre-Roman times controlled the largest section of what would become Northern England. [SEP] It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .
1	The PEOPLE Party was a political party in the United Kingdom. [SEP] It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
1	The Punch and Judy Man is a 1963 British comedy film directed by Jeremy Summers from a script by Philip Oakes and Tony Hancock for the Associated British Picture Corporation. [SEP] Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
1	Faster-than-light (also superluminal or FTL) communication and travel refer to the propagation of information or matter faster than the speed of light. [SEP] Lead actress Gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
1	An ant colony, also called a formicary, is the basic family unit around which ants organize their lifecycle. [SEP] Even if you 've seen `` Stomp '' -LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !
1	The Deep and Dreamless Sleep is a 2006 independent feature film adaptation of Dante Alighieri’s 14th century poem Divine Comedy, set on the streets of downtown Manhattan, written and directed by Matthew Harrison. [SEP] ... a light , yet engrossing piece .
1	The guqin (; ) is a plucked seven-string Chinese musical instrument of the zither family. [SEP] Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
1	Mustafa Kemal Atatürk (; 19 May 1881 (conventional) – 10 November 1938) was a Turkish army officer, revolutionary, and the first President of Turkey. [SEP] It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
1	Soap is an American sitcom that originally ran on ABC from September 13, 1977 until April 20, 1981. [SEP] Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language .
1	Giacobbe "Jake" LaMotta (born July 10, 1921) is an American retired professional boxer and former World Middleweight Champion. [SEP] A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
1	The Edwardian era or Edwardian period in Great Britain is the period covering the reign of King Edward VII, 1901 to 1910, and is sometimes extended in both directions to capture long term trends from the 1890s to the First World War. [SEP] Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .
1	Eric Morecambe (John Eric Bartholomew, 14 May 1926 – 28 May 1984) and Ernie Wise (Ernest Wiseman, 27 November 1925 – 21 March 1999), known as Morecambe and Wise (also Eric and Ernie), were a British comic double act, working in variety, radio, film and most successfully in television. [SEP] Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
1	The tropics are a region of the Earth surrounding the Equator. [SEP] K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
1	The velocity of an object is the rate of change of its position with respect to a frame of reference, and is a function of time. [SEP] It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
0	Carlos Alberto Martínez Tevez (; born 5 February 1984) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Boca Juniors and the Argentina national team. [SEP] Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
1	Menlove Ave. is a 1986 album by English rock musician John Lennon. [SEP] Visually striking and viscerally repellent .
1	Pig farming is the raising and breeding of domestic pigs. [SEP] Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
1	Ignacio "Nacio" Herb Brown (February 22, 1896 – September 28, 1964) was an American writer of popular songs, movie scores, and Broadway theatre music in the 1920s through the early 1950s. [SEP] Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
1	Owen Andrew Farrell (born 24 September 1991) is a professional English rugby union player, currently playing for Aviva Premiership side Saracens. [SEP] Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
1	Lillie is a British television serial made by London Weekend Television for ITV and broadcast in 1978. [SEP] The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .
1	A posset (also spelled poshote, poshotte) was a British hot drink of milk curdled with wine or ale, often spiced, which was popular from medieval times to the 19th century. [SEP] The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
1	Grace & Favour (American title: Are You Being Served? [SEP] Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
1	(; ,), also known as Boys' Love (BL), is a Japanese genre of fictional media focusing on romantic or sexual relationships between male characters, typically aimed at a female audience and usually created by female authors. [SEP] An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
1	Greengates is a small suburban area in the north-east of the city of Bradford, West Yorkshire, in England. [SEP] A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
1	Turmeric (Curcuma longa) or or is a rhizomatous herbaceous perennial plant of the ginger family, Zingiberaceae. [SEP] Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
1	The Belpaire firebox is a type of firebox used on steam locomotives. [SEP] A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .
1	A soldier is one who fights as part of an organized land-based armed force. [SEP] Slight but enjoyable documentary .
1	In heraldry, a charge is any emblem or device occupying the field of an escutcheon (shield). [SEP] Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
1	Nutrients are components in foods that an organism uses to survive and grow. [SEP] A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
1	Dan, Danny or Daniel Kelly may refer to: [SEP] The heat of the moment prevails .
1	Clinton Richard Dawkins (born 26 March 1941) is an English ethologist, evolutionary biologist and author. [SEP] It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
1	The Congolian forests are a broad belt of lowland tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion of the Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests Biome, which extends across the basin of the Congo River and its tributaries in Central Africa. [SEP] A riveting story well told .
1	Jacques Offenbach (;; 20 June 1819 – 5 October 1880) was a German-born French composer, cellist and impresario of the romantic period. [SEP] A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
1	Determinism is the philosophical doctrine that all events transpire in virtue of some necessity and are therefore inevitable. [SEP] The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
1	This is a list of children of U.S. Presidents, including stepchildren and alleged illegitimate children. [SEP] Pretty good little movie .
1	The Norse colonization of the Americas began as early as the 10th century AD, when Norsemen explored and settled areas of the North Atlantic, including the northeastern fringes of North America. [SEP] By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
1	The 1960 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVII Olympiad (Italian: Giochi della XVII Olimpiade), was an international multi-sport event held from August 25 to September 11, 1960, in Rome, Italy. [SEP] If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
1	Jerry Clyde Rubin (July 14, 1938 – November 28, 1994) was an American social activist, anti-war leader, and counterculture icon during the 1960s and 1970s. [SEP] Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
1	The 7th Academy Awards, honoring the best in film for 1934, was held on February 27, 1935, at the Biltmore Hotel in Los Angeles, California. [SEP] An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
1	Edward II (known also as EII, and previously as Edward the Second and the Red Hot Polkas and e2K) are an English band which play a fusion of world music, English folk and reggae. [SEP] Canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .
1	Cristina Laslo (born 10 April 1996 in Cluj-Napoca) is a Romanian handballer who plays for Universitatea Alexandrion Cluj-Napoca. [SEP] The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .
1	In geometry, a position or position vector, also known as location vector or radius vector, is a Euclidean vector that represents the position of a point P in space in relation to an arbitrary reference origin O. [SEP] Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
1	Gingivitis ("inflammation of the gum tissue") is a non-destructive periodontal disease. [SEP] It 's a masterpeice .
1	Orac is a fictional character from the British science fiction television series Blake's 7. [SEP] The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
1	Baccarat ( or;) is a card game played at casinos. [SEP] Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
1	Chitterlings ( or; sometimes spelled/pronounced chitlins or chittlins) is an economical dish, usually made from the small intestines of a pig, although the intestines of cattle and other animals are sometimes so named when used as a foodstuff.Oxford English Dictionary, 2nd ed [SEP] A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
1	Scorpio (♏) ( Skorpios; ) is the eighth astrological sign in the Zodiac. [SEP] Yes , it 's as good as you remember .
1	Chocolat is a 2000 British-American romantic comedy-drama film based on the novel of the same name by Joanne Harris, and was directed by Lasse Hallström. [SEP] In fact , even better .
1	Buddy Christ is a parody religious icon in the film Dogma. [SEP] Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
0	Skins is a British teen comedy drama that followed the lives of a group of teenagers in Bristol, South West England, through the two years of sixth form. [SEP] An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
1	Taking 300 or more wickets across a playing career is considered a significant achievement in Test cricket. [SEP] A stirring road movie .
1	Arthur Ira "Art" Garfunkel (born November 5, 1941) is an American singer, poet and actor. [SEP] One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
1	The International Air Transport Association (IATA ) is a trade association of the world’s airlines. [SEP] Insanely hilarious !
1	The Ford Cortina is a car which was built by Ford of Britain in various guises from 1962 to 1982, and was the United Kingdom's best-selling car of the 1970s. [SEP] I have n't laughed that hard in years !
1	Frank Herbert's Dune is a three-part miniseries written and directed by John Harrison and based on Frank Herbert's 1965 novel Dune. [SEP] These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
1	Dennis Price (born Dennistoun Franklyn John Rose Price, 23 June 1915 – 6 October 1973) was an English actor, best remembered for his role as Louis Mazzini in the film Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949) and for his portrayal of the omniscient valet Jeeves in 1960s television adaptations of P. G. Wodehouse's stories. [SEP] -- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
1	Eternal is an English R&B girl group formed in 1992 with the line-up consisting of sisters Easther and Vernie Bennett, Kéllé Bryan and Louise (then known as Louise Nurding). [SEP] If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
1	Fianna Fáil, also known as Fianna Fáil, The Republican Party, is a republican centrist to centre-right and conservative political party based in the Republic of Ireland. [SEP] This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun .
1	The 2009 World Aquatics Championships or the XIII FINA World Championships were held in Rome, Italy from July 17 to August 2, 2009. [SEP] See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
1	BBC Three Counties Radio is the BBC Local Radio service for the English counties of Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire (referred to as Beds, Herts and Bucks), broadcasting from studios at Grove Park in Dunstable. [SEP] ... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
1	Dolphin-safe labels are used to denote compliance with laws or policies designed to minimize dolphin fatalities during fishing for tuna destined for canning. [SEP] Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
1	The Sicilian is a 1987 action film based on the novel of the same name by Mario Puzo. [SEP] Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
1	Hhohho is a region of Swaziland, located in the north western part of Swaziland from the north and running southwards to the centre, Hhohho was named after the capital of King Mswati II, who expanded the Swazi territory to the north and west, taking in the districts of Barberton, Nelspruit, Carolina and Piet Retief. [SEP] A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
1	The Peace Corps is a volunteer program run by the United States government. [SEP] A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
1	Incidence in epidemiology is a measure of the probability of occurrence of a given medical condition in a population within a specified period of time. [SEP] An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
1	Murderers’ Row were the baseball teams of the New York Yankees in the late 1920s, widely considered one of the best teams in history. [SEP] Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
1	X-Men is a 2000 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name, distributed by 20th Century Fox. [SEP] A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
1	Political satire is a significant part of satire that specializes in gaining entertainment from politics; it has also been used with subversive intent where political speech and dissent are forbidden by a regime, as a method of advancing political arguments where such arguments are expressly forbidden. [SEP] White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .
1	"What's the Frequency, Kenneth?" [SEP] In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
1	Alfred Newman (March 17, 1900 – February 17, 1970) was an American composer, arranger, and conductor of film music. [SEP] The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
1	The swimming portion of the 2011 FINA World Championships was held July 24–31 at the Shanghai Oriental Sports Center in Shanghai, China. [SEP] It looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
1	The Rover Company was a British bicycle and motorcycle manufacturer before it began the manufacture of motor cars. [SEP] A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .
1	Jeffrey Leon "Jeff" Bridges (born December 4, 1949) is an American actor, singer and producer. [SEP] Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
1	Badakhshan Province ( Badaxšån wilåyat and Persian: ولایت بدخشان Velâyate Badaxšân) is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan, located in the farthest northeastern part of the country between Tajikistan and northern Pakistan. [SEP] It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes .
1	"I Want My Life Back" is a song written by Frank Myers and Anthony L. Smith, and recorded by American country music artist Bucky Covington. [SEP] There are moments of hilarity to be had .
1	Yitzhak Edward "Ed" Asner (born November 15, 1929) is an American film, television, stage, and voice actor, and a former president of the Screen Actors Guild. [SEP] A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
1	The A5 London Holyhead Trunk Road is a major road in England and Wales. [SEP] -LRB- While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
1	Crossbreed dogs or designer dogs are dogs which have been intentionally bred from two or more recognized dog breeds and not from dogs with no purebred ancestors, but have not been artificially bred to each other enough to breed true and be recognized as a breed in their own right. [SEP] One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
1	The Iroquoian languages are a First Nation and Native American language family in North America. [SEP] Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
1	Allan Pineda Lindo (born November 28, 1974), better known as apl.de.ap (pronounced "Apple Dee Ap"), is a Filipino American hip hop recording artist, record producer and musician best known as a member of the Grammy Award-winning group The Black Eyed Peas. [SEP] Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
1	Mary Anning (21 May 1799 – 9 March 1847) was an English fossil collector, dealer, and paleontologist who became known around the world for important finds she made in Jurassic marine fossil beds in the cliffs along the English Channel at Lyme Regis in the county of Dorset in Southwest England. [SEP] Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
1	In mathematics, logic, and computer science, a type theory is any of a class of formal systems, some of which can serve as alternatives to set theory as a foundation for all mathematics. [SEP] Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
1	"Rehab" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her third studio album, Good Girl Gone Bad (2007). [SEP] A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
1	October is the second studio album by Irish rock band U2. [SEP] A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
1	The Likely Lads is an English sitcom created and written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais, and produced by Dick Clement. [SEP] Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history .
1	The Space Shuttle Enterprise (Orbiter Vehicle Designation: OV-101) was the first orbiter of the Space Shuttle system. [SEP] Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
1	Hygiene is a set of practices performed for the preservation of health. [SEP] This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
1	The Mexico national football team () represents Mexico in international football. [SEP] But it does have one saving grace .
1	The Symphony No. [SEP] This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
1	Forever and Ever is an album by Greek singer Demis Roussos. [SEP] At its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
1	, commonly known as or Tokyo Haneda Airport , is one of the two primary airports that serve the Greater Tokyo Area, and is the primary base of Japan's two major domestic airlines, Japan Airlines (Terminal 1) and All Nippon Airways (Terminal 2), as well as Air Do, Skymark Airlines, Solaseed Air, and StarFlyer. [SEP] Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
1	The Estadio Azteca is a football stadium located in the suburb of Santa Úrsula in Mexico City, Mexico. [SEP] The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
1	Milsons Point railway station is located on the North Shore line, serving the Sydney suburb of Milsons Point. [SEP] -LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
1	The Ohio Art Company () is an American manufacturing company founded in 1908. [SEP] Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
1	999 is an official emergency telephone number in a number of countries which allows the caller to contact emergency services for urgent assistance. [SEP] A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
1	Children's Favourites was a BBC Radio programme broadcast from 1954 until 1984 and Christmas editions from 2007 until 2015. [SEP] It 's a cool event for the whole family .
1	The 2005 Open Championship was the 134th Open Championship, held 14–17 July at The Old Course at St Andrews. [SEP] Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
0	#redirect Newton's law of universal gravitationRugby union is the national sport of Wales and is considered a large part of national culture. [SEP] The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
1	Hausa–Fulani is a term used to refer collectively to the Hausa and Fulani people of West Africa. [SEP] Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
1	Ceres (; minor-planet designation: 1 Ceres) is the largest object in the asteroid belt that lies between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. [SEP] A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
0	Paul Jones (born Paul Pond, 24 February 1942) is an English singer, actor, harmonica player, radio personality and television presenter. [SEP] I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
1	Martin de Porres Velázquez, O.P. [SEP] A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .
1	The Doctor of Music degree (D.Mus., D.M., Mus.D. [SEP] Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
1	In medicine, coma (from the Greek koma, meaning "deep sleep") is a state of unconsciousness in which a person cannot be awakened; fails to respond normally to painful stimuli, light, or sound; lacks a normal wake-sleep cycle; and does not initiate voluntary actions. [SEP] Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !
1	Dream Street was a short-lived American pop boy band that was formed in mid-1999 by Louis Baldonieri and Brian Lukow. [SEP] The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .
1	Quarterback (commonly abbreviated to QB) is a position in American and Canadian football. [SEP] Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English , it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
1	Artificial Christmas trees are artificial pine and fir trees manufactured for the specific purpose of use as a Christmas tree. [SEP] With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
1	Onika Tanya Maraj (born December 8, 1982), known professionally as Nicki Minaj, is a Trinidadian-born American rapper, singer and songwriter. [SEP] The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
1	Pissouri is a village located in Limassol’s district, Cyprus (thirty kilometres westwards of Limassol’s centre), between Limassol and Paphos. [SEP] Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
1	Jeep is a brand of American automobiles that is a division of FCA US LLC (formerly Chrysler Group, LLC), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. [SEP] Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
1	Imperial College London is a public research university located in London, United Kingdom. [SEP] It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
1	This is a list of people whose career was all or part in Illinois, an American state; people are not included if they left the state before beginning a career. [SEP] A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
1	Francis "Frank" Finlay, CBE (6 August 1926 – 30 January 2016) was an English stage, film and television actor. [SEP] This is a superior horror flick .
1	The Eiger is a 3970 m mountain of the Bernese Alps, overlooking Grindelwald and Lauterbrunnen in the Bernese Oberland, just north of the main watershed and border with Valais. [SEP] Adaptation is simply brilliant .
1	Frank Lloyd Wright (born Frank Lincoln Wright, June 8, 1867 – April 9, 1959) was an American architect, interior designer, writer, and educator, who designed more than 1,000 structures, 532 of which were completed. [SEP] Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
1	Fair City is an Irish television soap opera on RTÉ One. [SEP] The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
1	A listed building, in the United Kingdom, is one that has been placed on the Statutory List of Buildings of Special Architectural or Historic Interest. [SEP] We 're drawn in by the dark luster .
1	Food packaging is packaging for food. [SEP] A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
1	The Aegean Sea (; ; ) is an elongated embayment of the Mediterranean Sea located between the Greek and Anatolian peninsulas, i.e., between the mainlands of Greece and Turkey. [SEP] I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .
1	Robert Strange McNamara (June 9, 1916 – July 6, 2009) was an American business executive and the eighth Secretary of Defense, serving from 1961 to 1968 under Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson, during which time he played a major role in escalating the United States involvement in the Vietnam War. [SEP] Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
1	In Christology, the Logos () is a name or title of Jesus Christ, seen as the pre-existent second person of the Trinity. [SEP] It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
1	Sergei Vladimirovich Kolesnikov (born 1948, Leningrad) is a Russian businessman and former associate of Vladimir Putin currently believed to be living in exile in Tallinn, Estonia. [SEP] One of the best rock documentaries ever .
1	#redirect Chip 'n Dale Rescue RangersFormula One, abbreviated to F1, is the highest class of open wheeled auto racing defined by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), motorsport's world governing body. [SEP] Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
1	The identity of the longest word in English depends upon the definition of what constitutes a word in the English language, as well as how length should be compared. [SEP] Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon
0	Traditional Japanese theatre includes Kabuki, Noh (and its comic accompaniment, Kyōgen) and the puppet theatre, Bunraku. [SEP] Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
1	Mudhoney is an American alternative rock band. [SEP] -LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
1	Hypothermia is defined as a body core temperature below . [SEP] Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
1	A Painted House is a February 2001 novel by American author John Grisham. [SEP] The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
1	The World Table Tennis Championships have been held since 1926, biennially since 1957. [SEP] A tremendous piece of work .
1	A cochlear implant (CI) is a surgically implanted electronic device that provides a sense of sound to a person who is profoundly deaf or severely hard of hearing in both ears. [SEP] A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
1	Louise Joy Brown (born 25 July 1978) is an English woman known for being the first human to have been born after conception by in vitro fertilisation, or IVF. [SEP] While obviously aimed at kids , The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
1	The Symphony No. [SEP] LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
1	The London matchgirls’ strike of 1888 was a strike of the women and teenage girls working at the Bryant and May Factory in Bow, London. [SEP] Something for everyone .
1	Ray Douglas Bradbury (August 22, 1920 - June 5, 2012) was an American fantasy, science fiction, horror and mystery fiction author. [SEP] Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
1	Events [SEP] Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
1	Fight Club is a 1999 American film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk. [SEP] Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
1	The Onion is an American digital media company and news satire organization that publishes articles on international, national, and local news. [SEP] ` Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
1	The death of Hollywood actor James Dean occurred on September 30, 1955, near Cholame, California. [SEP] A fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
0	for the Rick Price album, see Another Place [SEP] It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
1	A Flash animation or Flash cartoon is an animated film that is created by Adobe Flash (Now Adobe Animate) or similar animation software and often distributed in the SWF file format. [SEP] Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
1	Chorley is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 1997 by Lindsay Hoyle of the Labour Party. [SEP] Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
1	"Mad About the Boy" is a popular song with words and music by actor and playwright Sir Noël Coward. [SEP] Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?
1	Degrassi: The Next Generation (later renamed Degrassi for seasons ten through fourteen) is a Canadian teen drama television series set in the Degrassi universe, which was created by Linda Schuyler and Kit Hood in 1979. [SEP] Murderous Maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .
1	Ready-to-assemble furniture (RTA), also known as knock-down furniture (KD) or flat pack furniture, is a form of furniture that requires customer assembly. [SEP] Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
1	The Washington Wizards are an American professional basketball team based in Washington, D.C.. [SEP] There are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .
1	Thomas Jacob "Tommy" Hilfiger (born March 24, 1951) is an American fashion designer best known for founding the lifestyle brand Tommy Hilfiger Corporation in 1985. [SEP] It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing .
1	Ramada is a large hotel chain owned and operated by Wyndham Worldwide. [SEP] -LRB- Rises -RRB- above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
1	A novella is a work of written, fictional, narrative prose normally longer than a short story but shorter than a novel. [SEP] A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
1	The Incredible Hulk is a 2008 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character the Hulk, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Universal Pictures. [SEP] Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
1	Atahualpa, also Atahuallpa, Atabalipa (in Hispanicized spellings) or Atawallpa (Aymara and Quechua) (c.1500–26 July 1533) was the last Sapa Inca (sovereign emperor) of the Inca Empire (Tawantinsuyu) before the Spanish conquest. [SEP] Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
1	See also: [SEP] The performances are uniformly good .
1	Ralph Robinson (1614–1655) was an English minister of presbyterian views, arrested as implicated in the plot of Christopher Love to restore the Stuart monarchy. [SEP] She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .
1	Prince of Wales () was a title granted to princes born in Wales from the 12th century onwards; the term replaced the use of the word king. [SEP] It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
1	Godtfred Kirk Christiansen (July 8, 1920 – July 13, 1995) was the managing director of The Lego Group from 1957 to 1979. [SEP] The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .
1	In the United States, Tax Day is a colloquial term for the day on which individual income tax returns are due to the federal government. [SEP] This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
1	A rock festival, often considered synonymous with pop festival, is a large-scale rock music concert, featuring multiple acts performing an often diverse range of popular music including rock, pop, folk, electronic, and related genres. [SEP] It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
1	The presidency of Abraham Lincoln began on March 4, 1861, and ended with Lincoln's death by assassination on April 15, 1865, one month into his second term. [SEP] A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
1	Facial hair is a secondary sex characteristic of human males, referring to the growth of hair on or around the chin, jowls and philtrum. [SEP] Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
1	Mildred Pierce is a 1945 American film noir drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Joan Crawford, Jack Carson and Zachary Scott and featuring Eve Arden, Ann Blyth and Bruce Bennett. [SEP] Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
1	The Cleveland Show (sometimes abbreviated to Cleveland Show) is an American adult animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane, Richard Appel, and Mike Henry for the Fox Broadcasting Company as a spin-off of Family Guy. [SEP] A smart little indie .
1	In competitive sports, doping refers to the use of banned athletic performance-enhancing drugs by athletic competitors, where the term doping is widely used by organizations that regulate sporting competitions. [SEP] Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
1	Richard III is a 1995 British drama film adapted from William Shakespeare's play of the same name, starring Ian McKellen, Annette Bening, Jim Broadbent, Robert Downey Jr., Nigel Hawthorne, Kristin Scott Thomas, Maggie Smith, John Wood, and Dominic West. [SEP] Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
1	Cynology is the study of matters related to canines or domestic dogs and regular dogs. [SEP] A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades .
0	Enrico Fabris (born 5 October 1981]) is a former Italian long track speed skater who has won three World Cup races and became the first European Allround Champion from Italy when he won the 2006 European Championships one month before the Winter Olympics in Turin. [SEP] Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
1	Ricky Dene Gervais (; born 25 June 1961) is an English comedian, actor, director, producer, writer and former pop singer and manager. [SEP] Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .
1	Freddie James Prinze Jr (; born March 8, 1976) is an American actor. [SEP] I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !
1	The Little Prince (French: Le Petit Prince;), first published in 1943, is a novella, the most famous work of the French aristocrat, writer, poet, and pioneering aviator Antoine de Saint-Exupéry (1900–1944). [SEP] The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
1	Prasutagus was king of a British Celtic tribe called the Iceni, who inhabited roughly what is now Norfolk, in the 1st century AD. [SEP] It 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
1	New Musical Express (NME) is a British music journalism magazine published since 1949. [SEP] Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption .
1	Scooter is a Muppet character known for being the backstage stage manager, utility stage crew member, and general all-around "gofer" on The Muppet Show. [SEP] Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
1	Jane Krakowski (; born Jane Krajkowski; October 11, 1968) is an American actress and singer. [SEP] While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
1	The Battle of the Nile (also known as the Battle of Aboukir Bay; ; ) was a major naval battle fought between the British Royal Navy and the Navy of the French Republic at Aboukir Bay on the Mediterranean coast off the Nile Delta of Egypt from 1 to 3 August 1798. [SEP] Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
1	The Roslin Institute is an animal sciences research institute at Easter Bush, Midlothian, Scotland, part of the University of Edinburgh, that is sponsored by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council. [SEP] Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
1	Rive Gauche is a women's perfume launched by Yves Saint Laurent in 1971. [SEP] Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
1	Right Back is the debut album by Long Beach Dub Allstars, released September 28, 1999 through DreamWorks Records. [SEP] A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
1	The Indian general election of 2014 was held to constitute the 16th Lok Sabha, electing members of parliament for all 543 parliamentary constituencies of India. [SEP] Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
0	The Gospel According to Mark (, to kata Markon euangelion), the second book of the New Testament, is one of the four canonical gospels and the three synoptic gospels. [SEP] As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
1	Gandalf is a fictional character and one of the main protagonists in J. R. R. Tolkien's novels The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. [SEP] My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
1	Matthew Abram "Matt" Groening ( ; born February 15, 1954) is an American cartoonist, writer, producer, animator, and voice actor. [SEP] Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
1	June Margaret Middleton (4 May 1926 – 30 October 2009) was an Australian polio victim who spent more than 60 years living in an iron lung for treatment of the disease. [SEP] Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
0	Marcie Carlin is a fictional character featured in the long-running syndicated daily and Sunday comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz. [SEP] Why ?
1	Sandi Simcha DuBowski is an American director and producer, best known for his work on the intersection of LGBT people and their religion, DuBowski directed the 2001 documentary Trembling Before G-d and is the producer of Parvez Sharma's documentary A Jihad for Love (formerly known as In the Name of Allah) (2007). [SEP] Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
1	Public holidays celebrated in Spain include a mix of religious (Roman Catholic), national and regional observances. [SEP] -LRB- F -RRB- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
1	The Arizona Diamondbacks, often shortened as the D-backs, are an American professional baseball franchise based in Phoenix, Arizona. [SEP] Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
1	There has long been debate over the exact location of the geographical centre of the United Kingdom, and its constituent countries, due to the complexity and method of the calculation, such as whether to include offshore islands, and the fact that erosion will cause the position to change over time. [SEP] Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
1	King consort (also Emperor consort) is an alternative title to the more usual "prince consort" - which is a position given in some monarchies to the husband of a reigning queen. [SEP] After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .
1	Bray, occasionally Bray on Thames, is a large village and civil parish in the English county of Berkshire. [SEP] A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
1	The Hebrew word for symbol is ot, which, in early Judaism, denoted not only a sign, but also a visible religious token of the relation between God and man. [SEP] Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .
1	Acceleration, in physics, is the rate of change of velocity of an object with respect to time. [SEP] It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
1	Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Worldwide, Inc., also known informally as Walt Disney Parks and Resorts or Disney Parks, is one of The Walt Disney Company's four major business segments and a subsidiary. [SEP] Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
1	Encephalitis lethargica or von Economo disease is an atypical form of encephalitis. [SEP] Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
1	Nature, in the broadest sense, is the natural, physical, or material world or universe. [SEP] The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
1	The Outcry is a novel by Henry James published in 1911. [SEP] George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
1	President of the European Union (or President of Europe) does not exist. [SEP] Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
1	The Well-Tempered Clavier, BWV 846–893, is a collection of two series of Preludes and Fugues in all major and minor keys, composed for solo keyboard by Johann Sebastian Bach. [SEP] Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
1	Papworth Hospital is a heart and lung hospital in Cambridgeshire, England. [SEP] The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
1	Banoffee pie is an English dessert pie made from bananas, cream and toffee from boiled condensed milk (or dulce de leche), either on a pastry base or one made from crumbled biscuits and butter. [SEP] Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
1	The Flag Building, also referred to as the Super Power Building, is the largest building in Clearwater, Florida. [SEP] ... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
1	The Andromeda Galaxy, also known as Messier 31, M31, or NGC 224, is a spiral galaxy approximately 780 kiloparsecs (2.5 million light-years) from Earth. [SEP] Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
1	Daniel Luca Vettori, ONZM (born 27 January 1979) is a retired cricketer who played for the New Zealand cricket team. [SEP] Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
0	Cosmetology (from Greek , kosmētikos, "beautifying"; and , -logia) is the study and application of beauty treatment. [SEP] Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
1	The Famous Five is the name of a series of children's adventure novels written by English author Enid Blyton. [SEP] Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
0	A five-pointed star (☆) is a common ideogram used throughout the world. [SEP] -LRB- Moore 's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
1	A world record is usually the best global performance ever recorded and officially verified in a specific skill or sport. [SEP] But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
1	Peter Gene Hernandez (born October 8, 1985), known professionally as Bruno Mars, is an American-Filipino singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, and choreographer. [SEP] The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
1	The United States Coast Guard (USCG) is a branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the country's seven uniformed services. [SEP] In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .
1	Preston Ridd (born 1953) is a New Zealand darts player. [SEP] His work with actors is particularly impressive .
1	In urinary catheterization a latex, polyurethane, or silicone tube known as a urinary catheter is inserted into a patient's bladder via the urethra. [SEP] A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
1	In food processing, brining (to brine) is treating something with brine or steeping it in brine. [SEP] Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
1	The Grease Band was a British rock band that originally formed as Joe Cocker's backing group. [SEP] Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
1	Don Walsh (born November 2, 1931) is an American oceanographer, explorer and marine policy specialist. [SEP] Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
1	The sweet potato or kumara (Ipomoea batatas) is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the family Convolvulaceae. [SEP] Cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
1	Aphakia is the absence of the lens of the eye, due to surgical removal, a perforating wound or ulcer, or congenital anomaly. [SEP] Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
1	The Nissan X-Trail is a compact crossover SUV produced by the Japanese automaker Nissan since 2000. [SEP] Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
1	David Day (born 14 October 1947 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian author of more than forty books: poetry, natural history, ecology, mythology, fantasy, and children's literature. [SEP] The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .
1	"Santa Baby" is a 1953 Christmas song written by Joan Javits (the niece of Senator Jacob K. Javits) and Philip Springer, sung originally by Eartha Kitt. [SEP] Standing by Yourself is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
1	In Norse mythology, Hel is a being who presides over a realm of the same name, where she receives a portion of the dead. [SEP] Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
1	Billboard is an entertainment media brand owned by The Hollywood Reporter-Billboard Media Group. [SEP] Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
1	This is a list of women's organisations by geography. [SEP] The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
0	Marriage, also called matrimony or wedlock, is a socially or ritually recognized union or legal contract between spouses that establishes rights and obligations between them, between them and their children, and between them and their in-laws. [SEP] But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
1	The First of the Few (US title Spitfire) is a 1942 British biographical film produced and directed by Leslie Howard, who stars as R. J. Mitchell, the designer of the Supermarine Spitfire fighter aircraft. [SEP] This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
1	Hever Castle is located in the village of Hever, Kent, near Edenbridge, 30 mi south-east of London, England. [SEP] -LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
0	Book burning refers to the ritual destruction by fire of books or other written materials. [SEP] It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
1	An atoll (,,,, or), sometimes called a coral atoll, is a ring-shaped coral reef including a coral rim that encircles a lagoon partially or completely. [SEP] An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China .
1	The following is a complete chronology of the various line-ups of Aerosmith from the group's inception in 1970 until the present, including all former and current band members as well as listings of substitute and touring musicians. [SEP] Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .
1	Raisin bran (sultana bran in some countries ) is a breakfast cereal manufactured by several companies under a variety of brand names, including Kellogg's Raisin Bran, General Mills' Total Raisin Bran and Post Foods' Post Raisin Bran. [SEP] Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
1	The 2007–08 UEFA Champions League was the 16th season of UEFA's premier European club football tournament, the UEFA Champions League, since it was rebranded in 1992, and the 53rd tournament overall. [SEP] It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
1	The territory that now constitutes the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain was first settled during the Middle Palaeolithic. [SEP] A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
1	This list of islands by area includes all islands in the world greater than and several other islands over 500 km2, sorted in descending order by area. [SEP] In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
1	Robert Lee Frost (March26, 1874January29, 1963) was an American poet. [SEP] Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
1	The Great Viking Army or Great Danish Army, known by the Anglo-Saxons as the Great Heathen Army (OE: mycel heathen here), was a coalition of Norse warriors, originating from Denmark and Norway (and possibly also from Sweden) who came together under a unified command to invade the four Anglo-Saxon kingdoms that constituted England in AD 865. [SEP] The film is full of charm .
1	Daresbury is a village, civil parish and ward in the unitary authority of Halton and part of the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. [SEP] The movie is well crafted , and well executed .
1	Shish kebab () is a Turkish cuisine dish of skewered and grilled cubes of meat. [SEP] One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
0	Grainger Town is the historic heart of Newcastle upon Tyne, England. [SEP] ... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
1	#redirect Muhammad AliCatford is a district of south east London, within the London Borough of Lewisham. [SEP] He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
1	Convoy is a 1978 action film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Kris Kristofferson, Ali MacGraw, Ernest Borgnine, Franklyn Ajaye and Burt Young. [SEP] The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
1	Hornby Railways is a British model railway brand. [SEP] It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
1	Over recorded history, there have been many names of the Levant, a large area in the Middle East. [SEP] Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
1	An escalope (also spelled as escallope) is a piece of boneless meat that has been thinned out using a mallet, rolling pin or beaten with the handle of a knife, or merely butterflied. [SEP] Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
1	Richard Lester (born January 19, 1932) is an American film director based in Britain. [SEP] It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
1	Heavy metal may refer to: [SEP] A slight but sweet film .
1	Jefferson Airplane was a San Francisco, California-based band who pioneered the American counterculture movement as well as psychedelic rock. [SEP] Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
1	This article is about the demographic features of the population of Nigeria, including population density, ethnicity, education level, health of the populace, economic status, religious affiliations and other aspects of the population. [SEP] It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
1	Aberavon () is a settlement in Neath Port Talbot county borough, Wales. [SEP] Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
1	Events [SEP] Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...
1	Gravelly Hill Interchange, better known by its nickname Spaghetti Junction, is junction 6 of the M6 motorway where it meets the A38(M) Aston Expressway in the Gravelly Hill area of Birmingham, England. [SEP] Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
1	Complexity describes the behaviour of a system or model whose components interact in multiple ways and follow local rules, meaning there is no reasonable higher instruction to define the various possible interactions. [SEP] George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
1	This article lists the characters in the four series and three special episodes of the British sitcom Blackadder. [SEP] Can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
1	In architecture, a bay is the space between architectural elements, or a recess or compartment. [SEP] An extraordinary dramatic experience .
1	The New South Wales rugby league team has represented the Australian state of New South Wales in rugby league football since the sport's beginnings there in 1907. [SEP] Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
1	Fort-de-France is the capital of France's Caribbean overseas department of Martinique. [SEP] That , in itself , is extraordinary .
1	Titanium is a chemical element with symbol Ti and atomic number 22. [SEP] It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .
1	Anna Karenina is a 1935 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation of the novel Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy and directed by Clarence Brown. [SEP] All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .
1	A rhinoceros (, meaning "nose horn"), often abbreviated to rhino, is one of any five extant species of odd-toed ungulates in the family Rhinocerotidae, as well as any of the numerous extinct species. [SEP] Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
1	Sir Ian Murray McKellen, (born 25 May 1939) is an English actor. [SEP] It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
1	Operation Bagration (; , Operatsiya Bagration) was the codename for the Soviet 1944 Belorussian Strategic Offensive Operation (, Belorusskaya nastupatelnaya Operatsiya Bagration) during World War II, which cleared German forces from eastern Poland between 22 June and 19 August 1944. [SEP] Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
0	A rectifier is an electrical device that converts alternating current (AC), which periodically reverses direction, to direct current (DC), which flows in only one direction. [SEP] It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
1	The term British Malaya loosely describes a set of states on the Malay Peninsula and the island of Singapore that were brought under British control between the 18th and the 20th centuries. [SEP] The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
1	Writing is a medium of human communication that represents language and emotion through the inscription or recording of signs and symbols. [SEP] The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .
1	Crooner is an American epithet given to male singers of jazz standards, mostly from the Great American Songbook, either backed by a full orchestra, a big band or by a piano. [SEP] Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
1	Neoplasm is an abnormal growth of tissue and when it also forms a mass is commonly referred to as a tumor. [SEP] Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
1	St Pancras railway station ( or), also known as London St Pancras and since 2007 as St Pancras International,[http://www.whatdotheyknow.com/request/3099/response/6784/attach/3/080930%20FOI%20Response%20Betts.doc Official name of the station according to the Department of Transport], released in response to a Freedom of Information Act request at Whatdotheyknow.com retrieved 2 December 2008. [SEP] This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
1	USS Vincennes (CG-49) was a guided missile cruiser outfitted with the Aegis combat system that was in service with the United States Navy from July 1985 to June 2005. [SEP] I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
1	May Wright (often referred to by the media as "Mad May") is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders. [SEP] Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
1	Luis Alberto Suárez Díaz (; born 24 January 1987) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Uruguay national team. [SEP] Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
1	Naveen Babu Ghanta, better known by his nickname Nani, is a South Indian actor who stars in Telugu films and few Tamil films. [SEP] This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
1	Plantation complexes in the Southern United States refers to the built environment (or complex) that was common on agricultural plantations in the American South from the 17th into the 20th century. [SEP] Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
1	During World War II, Operation Noah was a reconnaissance patrol by 41 Belgian members of the Special Air Service who operated in the Ardennes from 16 August to 13 September 1944, at which point they were relieved by the advancing Americans.Nicholas Ball (born 11 April 1946) is an English actor. [SEP] While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
1	Pope Saint Leo III (Unknown – 12 June 816 AD) was Pope from December 26, 795 to his death in 816. [SEP] Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
1	Remuneration 1. is the compensation that one receives in exchange for the work or services performed. [SEP] Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
1	An expert is somebody who obtains results that are superior to those obtained by the majority of the population". [SEP] When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
0	Danny Mack "Dan" Gable (born October 25, 1948) is a retired American Olympic wrestler and head coach. [SEP] The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
0	The Jerusalem Chamber is a room in what was formerly the abbot's house of Westminster Abbey. [SEP] This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
1	Lustration is the process of making something clear or pure, usually by means of a propitiatory offering. [SEP] The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
1	Kokanee is a word from the Okanagan language referring to land-locked lake populations of sockeye salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka). [SEP] Discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
1	A capital gains tax (CGT) is a tax on capital gains, the profit realized on the sale of a non-inventory asset that was purchased at a cost amount that was lower than the amount realized on the sale. [SEP] On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
1	Johannesburg (;; also known as Jozi, Jo'burg, Joni, eGoli, and abbreviated as JHB) is a large metropolis and the largest city in South Africa. [SEP] An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
1	An accretion disk is a structure (often a circumstellar disk) formed by diffused material in orbital motion around a massive central body. [SEP] This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
1	Thomas Davee Chamberlain (April 29, 1841 – August 12, 1896) was the Lieutenant Colonel of the 20th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment during the American Civil War, the brother of Union general Joshua L. Chamberlain, the Colonel of the 20th Maine Infantry. [SEP] A beautifully observed character piece .
1	Vladimir Vladimirovich Nabokov (; ,, also known by the pen name Vladimir Sirin; c - 2 July 1977) was a Russian-American novelist. [SEP] A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
1	Baboons are African and Arabian Old World monkeys belonging to the genus Papio, part of the subfamily Cercopithecinae. [SEP] It is quite a vision .
1	The military dictatorship of Chile () was an authoritarian military government that ruled Chile between 1973 and 1990. [SEP] There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
1	Grunge (sometimes referred to as the Seattle sound) is a subgenre of alternative rock that emerged during the in the American state of Washington, particularly in Seattle. [SEP] A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
1	Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song was awarded for the first time in 1962 and has been awarded annually since 1965 by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. [SEP] A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
1	EGBDF may refer to: [SEP] Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .
1	Oliver Norvell "Babe" Hardy (born Norvell Hardy) (January 18, 1892 – August 7, 1957) was an American comic actor famous as one half of Laurel and Hardy, the classic double act that began in the era of silent films and lasted 25 years, from 1927 to 1951. [SEP] Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
1	Inishowen () is a peninsula in County Donegal, Ireland. [SEP] As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice .
1	"Poetry in Motion" is a UK number-one hit single in 1961, recorded amongst others by Johnny Tillotson. [SEP] An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
1	Psilocybin ( ) is a naturally occurring psychedelic compound produced by more than 200 species of mushrooms, collectively known as psilocybin mushrooms. [SEP] Strange and beautiful film .
1	Pope Benedict IX (; c. 1012 – c. 1056), born Theophylactus of Tusculum in Rome, was Pope on three occasions between October 1032 and July 1048. [SEP] No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out was utterly charming .
0	The Chicago Bulls are an American professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois. [SEP] Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
1	Fortnum & Mason (colloquially often shortened to just "Fortnum's") is an upmarket department store situated in central London, with an additional store at St Pancras railway station, Heathrow T5, Dubai and various stockists worldwide. [SEP] ... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
1	The Native Tongues is a collective of late 1980s and early 1990s hip-hop artists known for their positive-minded, good-natured Afrocentric lyrics, and for pioneering the use of eclectic sampling and later jazz-influenced beats. [SEP] ... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
1	Unfree labour is a generic or collective term for those work relations, especially in modern or early modern history, in which people are employed against their will by the threat of destitution, detention, violence (including death), lawful compulsion, or other extreme hardship to themselves or to members of their families. [SEP] Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
1	Patsy Palmer (born Julie Anne Harris; 26 May 1972 in Bethnal Green, London) is an English actress and model. [SEP] It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
1	Bruce Leslie McLaren (30 August 1937 – 2 June 1970) was a New Zealand race-car designer, driver, engineer and inventor. [SEP] Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .
1	Ophelia is a character in William Shakespeare's play Hamlet. [SEP] Everything about The Quiet American is good , except its timing .
1	Stroud is a market town and civil parish in the county of Gloucestershire, England. [SEP] At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
1	In music theory, a scale is any set of musical notes ordered by fundamental frequency or pitch. [SEP] It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
1	Dalton Grant (born 8 April 1966) is a British high jumper, who has won a total number of four national titles for Great Britain (AAA Championships) in the men's high jump event. [SEP] They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two , but in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
0	Mrs. Warren's Profession is a play written by George Bernard Shaw in 1893, and first performed in London in 1902. [SEP] It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
1	The Pope ( from pappas, a child's word for "father") is the Bishop of Rome and the leader of the worldwide Catholic Church. [SEP] It has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
1	This is a list of notable hors d'oeuvre, also referred to as appetizers, which may be served either hot or cold. [SEP] You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
1	Cava is an uninhabited island in the Orkney archipelago in Scotland. [SEP] And it is .
1	Cobra is the nemesis of the G.I. [SEP] Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .
1	7 Burlington Gardens is a Grade II* building in Mayfair, London. [SEP] She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
1	Lute ( ) can refer generally to any string instrument having the strings running in a plane parallel to the sound table (in the Hornbostel–Sachs system), more specifically to any plucked string instrument with a neck (either fretted or unfretted) and a deep round back, or more specifically to an instrument from the family of European lutes. [SEP] Undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
1	Preston North End Football Club (often shortened to PNE) is a professional association football club located in the Deepdale area of Preston, Lancashire. [SEP] Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
1	Edward Murdstone (commonly known as Mr. Murdstone) is a fictional character and one of the primary antagonists in the first part of the Charles Dickens novel David Copperfield. [SEP] Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
1	A troopship (also troop ship or troop transport or trooper) is a ship used to carry soldiers, either in peacetime or wartime. [SEP] Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
0	This article is about the science fiction series; The Age of Unreason (ISBN 0-09-954831-3) is also the title of a book by Charles Handy. [SEP] A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
0	Tommy David Morrison (January 2, 1969 - September 1, 2013), nicknamed "The Duke", was an American professional boxer who held the WBO heavyweight title. [SEP] All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
1	The Independent is a British online newspaper. [SEP] If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
1	Graham Keith Gouldman (born ) is an English singer, songwriter and musician. [SEP] A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
1	Rosie the Riveter is a cultural icon of the United States, representing the American women who worked in factories and shipyards during World War II, many of whom produced munitions and war supplies. [SEP] Brilliantly written and well-acted , Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
1	Palladian architecture is a European style of architecture derived from and inspired by the designs of the Venetian architect Andrea Palladio (1508–1580). [SEP] That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB- ...
1	The 2004 World Series, the 100th World Series, featured the American League (AL) champions Boston Red Sox against the National League (NL) champions St. Louis Cardinals. [SEP] She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
1	The population is measured by Statistics Denmark for cities, defined by administrative areas, which is defined as a contiguous built-up area with a maximum distance of 200 meters between houses, unless further distance is caused by public areas, cemeteries or similar. [SEP] A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .
1	Strictly Come Dancing returned for its eleventh series beginning with a launch show on 7 September 2013, with the live shows starting on 27 and 28 September 2013. [SEP] Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
1	A covert feather or tectrix on a bird is one of a set of feathers, called coverts (or tectrices), which, as the name implies, cover other feathers. [SEP] A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors .
1	"Hail to the Chief" is the official Presidential Anthem of the United States. [SEP] It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
1	WAJK (99.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary format. [SEP] ... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
1	Melatonin, chemically N-acetyl-5-methoxy tryptamine, is a substance found in animals, plants, fungi, and bacteria. [SEP] The Trials of Henry Kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
1	The following are characters from Disney's 1950 film Cinderella and its sequels. [SEP] He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
1	Collateral Damage is a 2002 American action film directed by Andrew Davis, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Elias Koteas, Francesca Neri, Cliff Curtis, John Leguizamo and John Turturro. [SEP] What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
1	Mark Thomas Lawrenson (born 2 June 1957) is a former Republic of Ireland international footballer who played as a defender for Liverpool, among others, during the 1970s and 1980s. [SEP] Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
1	William Mynors was an English sea-captain, master of the East India Company (EIC) vessel Royal Mary. [SEP] In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
1	The 2012–13 season was the 133rd season of competitive football in England. [SEP] The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
1	Freddie James Prinze Jr (; born March 8, 1976) is an American actor. [SEP] Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
1	Bodyline, also known as fast leg theory bowling, was a cricketing tactic devised by the English cricket team for their 1932–33 Ashes tour of Australia, specifically to combat the extraordinary batting skill of Australia's Don Bradman. [SEP] Its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
1	A menagerie is a collection of captive animals, frequently exotic, kept for display; or the place where such a collection is kept, a precursor to the modern zoological garden. [SEP] Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
1	Public housing may be a form of housing tenure in which the property is owned by a government authority, which may be central or local. [SEP] The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
1	Remain in Light is the fourth studio album by American new wave band Talking Heads, released on October 8, 1980, on Sire Records. [SEP] This movie is to be cherished .
1	Gladys May Aylward (24 February 1902 – 3 January 1970) was a British evangelical Christian missionary to China, whose story was told in the book The Small Woman, by Alan Burgess, published in 1957, and made into the film The Inn of the Sixth Happiness, starring Ingrid Bergman, in 1958. [SEP] The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .
1	Memory sport, sometimes referred to as competitive memory or the mind sport of memory, is a competition in which participants attempt to memorize the most information that they can then present back, under certain guidelines. [SEP] P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
1	Funny Girl is a 1963 musical (opened on Broadway in 1964) with a book by Isobel Lennart, music by Jule Styne, and lyrics by Bob Merrill. [SEP] Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
1	Melinda Ann Gates (née French; born August 15, 1964), DBE is an American businesswoman and philanthropist. [SEP] This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
0	The Treaty of Edinburgh–Northampton was a peace treaty, signed in 1328 between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland. [SEP] It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
1	Donna Troy is a comic book superheroine published by DC Comics. [SEP] Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
1	In the sport of cricket, a dismissal occurs when the batsman is out (also known as the fielding side taking a wicket and/or the batting side losing a wicket). [SEP] Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
1	Edward the Seventh is a 1975 British television drama series, made by ATV in 13 episodes. [SEP] Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
1	Debrett's ( ) is a specialist publisher, founded in 1769 with the publication of the first edition of The New Peerage. [SEP] There is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...
1	A campus novel, also known as an academic novel, is a novel whose main action is set in and around the campus of a university. [SEP] The movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
1	The Aviva Stadium is a sports stadium located in Dublin, Ireland, with a capacity for 51,700 spectators (all seated). [SEP] This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
1	Michael Lee Aday (born Marvin Lee Aday; September 27, 1947) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, record producer and actor usually known by his stage name Meat Loaf. [SEP] Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
1	These are data codes for Switzerland. [SEP] A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
1	The German Grand Prix () is a bi-annual automobile race that has been held most years since 1926, with 75 races having been held. [SEP] Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
1	Fashion in the period 1795–1820 in European and European-influenced countries saw the final triumph of undress or informal styles over the brocades, lace, periwigs and powder of the earlier 18th century. [SEP] A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
1	Wizard is commonly used in MUDs, particularly LPMuds, AberMUDs and MU*, as a term for the MUD's developers and administrators. [SEP] Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
1	Penzance (; ) is a town, civil parish and port in Cornwall, in England, United Kingdom. [SEP] Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
1	The Invasion of Kuwait, also known as the Iraq–Kuwait War, was a major conflict between Ba'athist Iraq and the Emirate of Kuwait, which resulted in the seven-month-long Iraqi occupation of Kuwait, and subsequently led to direct military intervention by US-led forces in the Gulf War and the setting alight by Iraq of 600 Kuwaiti oil wells. [SEP] Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
1	Flemington Speedway was a motor racing circuit in Flemington, New Jersey which operated from 1915 to 2002. [SEP] Then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
1	General Motors Company, commonly known as GM, is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Detroit, Michigan, that designs, manufactures, markets, and distributes vehicles and vehicle parts, and sells financial services. [SEP] Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
0	Western Sahara, formerly the Spanish colony of Spanish Sahara, is a disputed territory claimed by both the Kingdom of Morocco and the Polisario Front. [SEP] Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
1	The Boeing B-29 Superfortress is a four-engine propeller-driven heavy bomber designed by Boeing which was flown primarily by the United States during World War II and the Korean War. [SEP] One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
1	Fillmore! [SEP] Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
1	Scrabble variants are games created by changing the normal Scrabble rules or equipment. [SEP] An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
1	Iceman (Bobby Drake) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics and is a founding member of the X-Men. [SEP] The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
1	Calvados (;) is a department in the Normandy region in northwestern France. [SEP] Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
1	Unix time (also known as POSIX time or Epoch time) is a system for describing instants in time, defined as the number of seconds that have elapsed since 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), Thursday, 1 January 1970, Unix times are defined, but are negative, before 1 January 1970. not counting leap seconds. [SEP] ` Blue Crush ' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
1	Cartoon Network (stylized as CARTOON NETWORK) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by Time Warner through the Turner Broadcasting System subsidiary. [SEP] You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
1	Dalton Grant (born 8 April 1966) is a British high jumper, who has won a total number of four national titles for Great Britain (AAA Championships) in the men's high jump event. [SEP] It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
0	Syrah, also known as Shiraz, is a dark-skinned grape variety grown throughout the world and used primarily to produce red wine. [SEP] But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
0	A Dragon Lady is usually a stereotype of East Asian and occasionally South Asian women as strong, deceitful, domineering, or mysterious. [SEP] The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
1	This article refers to a play. [SEP] In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
1	Enid Lakeman, OBE (28 November 1903 - 7 January 1995) was a British political reformer, writer and politician, noted for her long-standing championship of the Single Transferable Vote system of elections. [SEP] A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
1	The are an ethnic group native to Japan. [SEP] It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
1	The Man-Eater of Malgudi is a 1961 Indian novel, written by R. K. Narayan. [SEP] You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
1	Horses in World War II were used by the belligerent nations for transportation of troops, artillery, materiel, and, to a lesser extent, in mobile cavalry troops. [SEP] It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
1	Thomas 'Sailor Tom' Sharkey (November 26, 1873 – April 17, 1953) was a boxer who fought two fights with heavyweight champion James J. Jeffries. [SEP] What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
1	Arab citizens of Israel or Arab population of Israel are non-Jewish Israeli citizens, whose cultural and linguistic heritage or ethnic identity is Arab. [SEP] Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
1	Ichthyosis (plural ichthyoses) is a heterogeneous family of at least 28,[http://www.scalyskin.org/column.cfm?ColumnID [SEP] An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
1	The Bionic Woman is an American television science fiction action series starring Lindsay Wagner that aired between 1976 and 1978. [SEP] A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
1	In Greek mythology, Chiron (pronounced ; also Cheiron or Kheiron; "hand" ) was held to be the superlative centaur amongst his brethren. [SEP] The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
1	The third degree is a euphemism for torture ("inflicting of pain, physical or mental, to extract confessions or statements"). [SEP] A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
1	Timothy Peter Dalton (born 21 March 1946) is an English actor. [SEP] So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
0	Malgas Island is a small, , uninhabited island lying in the northern part of the entrance to Saldanha Bay, in the Western Cape province of South Africa. [SEP] Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
1	The Henley-on-Todd Regatta (also called the Todd River Race) is a "boat" race held annually in the typically dry sandy bed of the Todd River in Alice Springs, Australia. [SEP] ... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
1	Harold Dennis "Dickie" Bird, OBE (born 19 April 1933, Staincross, West Riding of Yorkshire, England) is a retired English international cricket umpire. [SEP] Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all .
1	The History of Buddhism spans from the 6th century BC to the present, starting with the birth of Buddha Siddhartha Gautama in ancient Nepal (present day Lumbini, Nepal). [SEP] A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .
1	Calais ( , traditionally;; ; ) is a town and major ferry port in northern France in the department of Pas-de-Calais, of which it is a sub-prefecture. [SEP] Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
1	Psychosis refers to an abnormal condition of the mind described as involving a "loss of contact with reality". [SEP] Birthday Girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
1	Norman Daniel "Dutch" Cota, Sr. (May 30, 1893–October 4, 1971) was a senior United States Army officer who fought during World War II. [SEP] smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .
1	Mother Nature (sometimes known as Mother Earth or the Earth-Mother) is a common personification of nature that focuses on the life-giving and nurturing aspects of nature by embodying it, in the form of the mother. [SEP] Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
1	Dereck Chisora (born 29 December 1983) is a British professional boxer.. Retrieved 28 July 2016. [SEP] Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
1	In philosophy, identity, from ("sameness"), is the relation each thing bears just to itself. [SEP] A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .
1	"Give Me One Reason" is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Tracy Chapman. [SEP] None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
1	This is a list, ordered by year, of famous Hail Mary plays from collegiate and professional football in the United States. [SEP] The film is a fierce dance of destruction .
1	Dominique Rijpma van Hulst (born 7 September 1981), is a Dutch singer known by her stage name Do. [SEP] Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
1	Maximilien Luce (13 March 1858 – 6 February 1941) was a prolific French Neo-impressionist artist, known for his paintings, illustrations, engravings, and graphic art, and also for his anarchist activism. [SEP] May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
0	Bacardi Limited (English:;;) is the largest privately held, family-owned spirits company in the world. [SEP] You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
1	Joseph Conrad (; born Józef Teodor Konrad Korzeniowski; 3 December 1857 – 3 August 1924) was a Polish-British writer regarded as one of the greatest novelists to write in the English language. [SEP] Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
1	Red Square () is a city square (plaza) in Moscow, Russia. [SEP] Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer
1	Coagulation (also known as clotting) is the process by which blood changes from a liquid to a gel, forming a clot. [SEP] Exhilarating but blatantly biased .
1	In law, a verdict is the formal finding of fact made by a jury on matters or questions submitted to the jury by a judge. [SEP] Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
1	Field hockey is a team sport of the hockey family. [SEP] Ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
1	The Canadian Hockey League (CHL; ) is an umbrella organization that represents the three Canadian-based major junior ice hockey leagues for players 16 to 20 years of age. [SEP] ... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
1	The Seattle SuperSonics, commonly known as the Sonics, were an American professional basketball team based in Seattle, Washington. [SEP] Like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
1	The 2011 Australian Open was a tennis tournament featuring six different competitions, and part of the 2011 ATP World Tour, the 2011 WTA Tour, ITF Junior Tour and the NEC Tour, as tournaments for professional, junior and wheelchair players were held. [SEP] Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
1	A Clockwork Orange is a 1971 dystopian crime film adapted, produced, and directed by Stanley Kubrick, based on Anthony Burgess's 1962 novel A Clockwork Orange. [SEP] It 's a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure .
1	Jaroslav Drobný (; 12 October 1921 – 13 September 2001) was a former World No. [SEP] A very capable nailbiter .
1	Robert Baratheon is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin, and its television adaptation Game of Thrones. [SEP] Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
0	Papaver is a genus of 70–100 species of frost-tolerant annuals, biennials, and perennials native to temperate and cold regions of Eurasia, Africa and North America. [SEP] `` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
0	For the character, see Mickey Mouse [SEP] It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
1	Kimberella is a monospecific genus of bilaterian known only from rocks of the Ediacaran period. [SEP] What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
1	The Critique of Pure Reason (, KrV) by Immanuel Kant, (first published in 1781, second edition 1787), is one of the most influential works in the history of philosophy. [SEP] The low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
1	Queen's Counsel (postnominal QC), or King's Counsel (postnominal KC) during the reign of a king, are particularly eminent lawyers, mostly barristers, appointed by letters patent to be one of "Her Majesty's Counsel learned in the law." [SEP] Secretary is just too original to be ignored .
1	Norman Perceval Rockwell (February 3, 1894 – November 8, 1978) was a 20th-century American author, painter and illustrator. [SEP] That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
1	Ashley Michael Thomas is a fictional character from the British soap opera Emmerdale, played by John Middleton. [SEP] Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
1	The Wall Street Crash of 1929, also known as Black Tuesday (October 29), the Great Crash, or the Stock Market Crash of 1929, began on October 24, 1929 ("Black Thursday"), and was the most devastating stock market crash in the history of the United States, when taking into consideration the full extent and duration of its aftereffects. [SEP] This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
1	From 1124 until 1709 the coinage of Scotland was unique, and minted locally. [SEP] And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
1	A Midsummer Night's Dream is a comedy written by William Shakespeare between 1590 and 1597. [SEP] Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
1	In the sport of cricket, a nightwatchman is a lower-order batsman who comes in to bat higher up the order than usual near the end of the day's play. [SEP] Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros. .
1	Gary Evan Knell (born 27 February 1954) is the president and CEO of the National Geographic Society, one of the world's largest nonprofit organizations with a worldwide reach of more than 700 million people each month through its media, products and events. [SEP] This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
1	The Egg Marketing Board was an agricultural marketing organization set up by the British government in December 1956 to stabilise the market for eggs due to a widespread collapse in sales. [SEP] In fact , it 's quite fun in places .
1	A micronation, sometimes referred to as a model country or new country project, is an entity that claims to be an independent nation or state but is not recognized by world governments or major international organizations. [SEP] The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .
1	Sidney George Barnes (5 June 1916 – 16 December 1973) was an Australian cricketer and cricket writer, who played 13 Test matches between 1938 and 1948. [SEP] Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
1	The Holberg Suite, Op. [SEP] While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
1	A march or mark was, in broad terms, a medieval European term for any kind of borderland, as opposed to a notional "heartland". [SEP] It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
1	In 18th- and 19th-century Italy, the cicisbeo (; plural: cicisbei), or cavalier servente (chevalier servant in French), was the professed gallant and lover of a married woman, who attended her at public entertainments, to church and other occasions and had privileged access to his mistress. [SEP] The people in Jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
1	Understanding (also called intellection) is a psychological process related to an abstract or physical object, such as a person, situation, or message whereby one is able to think about it and use concepts to deal adequately with that object. [SEP] A tone poem of transgression .
1	The Battle of the Coral Sea, fought during 4–8 May 1942, was a major naval battle in the Pacific Theater of World War II between the Imperial Japanese Navy and naval and air forces from the United States and Australia. [SEP] Rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
1	Creation is a 2009 British biographical drama film about Charles Darwin's relationship with his wife Emma and his memory of their eldest daughter Annie, as he struggles to write On the Origin of Species. [SEP] Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .
1	Edge of Tomorrow (alternatively known by its tagline Live. [SEP] This is Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers .
1	Christo Vladimirov Javacheff and Jeanne-Claude were a married couple who created environmental works of art. [SEP] Despite a quieter middle section , involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
1	The Goodnight–Loving Trail was a trail used in the cattle drives of the late 1860s for the large-scale movement of Texas Longhorns. [SEP] There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
1	Alan "Howling Laud" Hope (born 16 June 1942, in Mytchett, Surrey) is the Leader of the United Kingdom's Official Monster Raving Loony Party (OMRLP). [SEP] The obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
1	The International Tournaments is a category for professional tennis tournaments of Women's Tennis Association from the 2009 WTA Tour onwards, which replaced the previous Tier III and Tier IV categories. [SEP] Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
1	A metalloid is any chemical element which has properties in between those of metals and nonmetals, or that has a mixture of them. [SEP] The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
1	Septimus Heap is a series of fantasy novels featuring a protagonist of the same name written by English author Angie Sage. [SEP] Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
1	The 1987 Embassy World Darts Championship was held at the Lakeside Country Club in Frimley Green, Surrey between 9 and 17 January 1987. [SEP] It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
1	Birmingham Royal Ballet (BRB) is one of the four major ballet companies of the United Kingdom, alongside The Royal Ballet, the English National Ballet and the Scottish Ballet. [SEP] Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
1	#redirect Matterhorn"Frosty the Snowman" (or "Frosty the Snow Man") is a popular Christmas song written by Walter "Jack" Rollins and Steve Nelson, and first recorded by Gene Autry and the Cass County Boys in 1950. [SEP] A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
1	Hot pot (also known as steamboat in Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, China, and Brunei) refers to several East Asian varieties of stew, consisting of a simmering metal pot of stock at the center of the dining table. [SEP] -LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards .
1	Christian VII (29 January 1749 - 13 March 1808) was a monarch of the House of Oldenburg who was King of Denmark-Norway and Duke of Schleswig and Holstein from 1766 until his death. [SEP] Otto-Sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
1	The Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis, also known as the Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis, is a two-island country in the West Indies. [SEP] This is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .
1	Jeffrey Warren "Jeff" Daniels (born February 19, 1955) is an American actor, musician, and playwright, whose career includes roles in films, stage productions and on television, for which he has won an Emmy Award and received Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild and Tony Award nominations. [SEP] The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
1	Thuja plicata, commonly called western or Pacific redcedar, giant or western arborvitae, giant cedar, or shinglewood, is a species of Thuja, an evergreen coniferous tree in the cypress family Cupressaceae native to western North America. [SEP] Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom .
1	"Family Guy Viewer Mail #1" is the 21st episode of the third season of Family Guy, first aired on February 14, 2002. [SEP] The camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
1	The meninges (, singular: meninx ( or ), from , adjectival: meningeal) are the three membranes that envelop the brain and spinal cord. [SEP] A flawed but engrossing thriller .
1	My Old Dutch is a 1934 British black-and-white drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Betty Balfour, Gordon Harker, Michael Hogan, Florrie Forde and Ronald Shiner (uncredited). [SEP] Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
1	Dyscalculia is difficulty in learning or comprehending arithmetic, such as difficulty in understanding numbers, learning how to manipulate numbers, and learning facts in mathematics. [SEP] Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
1	An antacid is a substance which neutralizes stomach acidity, which in turn relieves heartburn, indigestion or stomach upset. [SEP] The success of Undercover Brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
1	Madaraka Day, 1 June, commemorates the day that Kenya attained internal self-rule in 1963, preceding full independence from the United Kingdom on 12 December 1963.The Throwback is a 1978 satirical novel by Tom Sharpe. [SEP] This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
1	Half-life (abbreviated t1⁄2) is the time required for a quantity to reduce to half its initial value. [SEP] Cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries .
1	Colin Clive (20 January 1900 – 25 June 1937) was an English stage and screen actor best remembered for his portrayal of Dr. Henry Frankenstein in James Whale's two Universal Frankenstein films Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein. [SEP] Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
1	South Mumbai (), the southernmost precinct of the city of Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, comprises the city's main business localities and its adjoining areas. [SEP] Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
1	In classical Aztec mythology and among present-day Nahuas, Tonantzin () is the name of an Aztec mother goddess, possibly Mother Earth. [SEP] The film grows on you .
1	The positron or antielectron is the antiparticle or the antimatter counterpart of the electron. [SEP] One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
1	Real Madrid Club de Fútbol (; Royal Madrid Football Club), commonly known as Real Madrid, or simply as Real outside Spain frontiers, is a professional football club based in Madrid, Spain. [SEP] As banal as the telling may be -- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
1	633 Squadron is a 1964 British film, which depicts the exploits of a fictional Second World War British fighter-bomber squadron and stars Cliff Robertson, George Chakiris and Maria Perschy. [SEP] Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
1	Martin Charles Scorsese (; ; born November 17, 1942) is an American director, producer, screenwriter, actor, and film historian, whose career spans more than 53 years. [SEP] The most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
1	Clifford Warren Ashley (December 18, 1881 – September 18, 1947) was an American artist, author, sailor, and knot expert. [SEP] Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast .
1	Alberta is a western province of Canada. [SEP] My Wife Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple .
1	The Most Illustrious Order of Saint Patrick is a dormant British order of chivalry associated with Ireland. [SEP] With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
1	The insanity defense, also known as the mental disorder defense, is a defense by excuse in criminal trials arguing that the defendant is not responsible for their actions due to an episodic or persistent psychiatric disease. [SEP] Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
1	Billy Kinsley (born William Ellis Kinsley, 28 November 1946, Anfield, Liverpool) is an English musician with The Merseybeats until 1966 (although he temporarily left the band both to form the Kinsleys) The group disbanded in January 1966 to resurface as a duo called The Merseys. [SEP] Bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
1	ITV is a commercial television channel in the United Kingdom. [SEP] A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
1	The Cairo Trilogy ( (The Trilogy) or (The Cairo Trilogy)) is a trilogy of novels written by the Egyptian novelist and Nobel Prize winner Naguib Mahfouz, and one of the prime works of his literary career. [SEP] ... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
1	Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, usually known simply as the Privy Council, is a formal body of advisers to the Sovereign of the United Kingdom. [SEP] If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , Eisenstein delivers .
1	A gas balloon is a balloon that flies in the air because it is filled with a gas less dense than air or lighter than air (such as helium or hydrogen). [SEP] This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .
0	The Support Our Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhoods Act (introduced as Arizona Senate Bill 1070 and thus often referred to simply as Arizona SB 1070) is a 2010 legislative Act in the U.S. state of Arizona that at the time of passage in 2010 was the broadest and strictest anti-illegal immigration measure in a long time. [SEP] I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
1	The Blue Lagoon (Icelandic: Bláa lónið) geothermal spa is one of the most visited attractions in Iceland. [SEP] While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
1	The Central line is a London Underground line that runs through central London, from Ealing and Ruislip in the west to Epping, Essex in the north-east. [SEP] An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
1	Blandford Forum ( ), commonly Blandford, is a market town in the North Dorset district of Dorset, England, sited by the River Stour about 24 km northwest of Poole. [SEP] The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
1	Belle de Jour is a 1967 French drama film directed by Luis Buñuel and starring Catherine Deneuve, Jean Sorel, and Michel Piccoli. [SEP] It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
1	Roger Federer is considered by many sports analysts, media pundits, fellow players and fans around the world as the greatest tennis player of all time. [SEP] It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
1	Sir Kenneth Charles Branagh (; born 10 December 1960) is a Northern Irish actor, director, producer, and screenwriter. [SEP] It is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
1	St Blazey () is a small town in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. [SEP] `` Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
1	Adam Charles Clayton (born 13 March 1960) is an English-born Irish musician best known as the bass guitarist of the Irish rock band U2. [SEP] Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
1	Easton is a city in and the county seat of Northampton County, Pennsylvania, United States. [SEP] I like this movie a lot .
1	Baton Rouge (; French for "Red Stick", French: Bâton-Rouge) is the capital of the U.S. state of Louisiana and its second-largest city. [SEP] I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
1	Samba is a lively, rhythmical dance of Afro Brazilian origin in 2/4 time danced to Samba music whose origins include the Maxixe. [SEP] ` What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '
1	Prince Eugene of Savoy (French: François-Eugène de Savoie, Italian: Principe Eugenio di Savoia-Carignano, German: Prinz Eugen von Savoyen; 18 October 1663 – 21 April 1736) was a general of the Imperial Army and statesman of the Holy Roman Empire and the Archduchy of Austria and one of the most successful military commanders in modern European history, rising to the highest offices of state at the Imperial court in Vienna. [SEP] Kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
1	Leigh Francis (born 30 April 1973) is an English stand-up comedian, actor, director, producer, writer, and voice artist, best known for creating Channel 4's Bo' Selecta! [SEP] I had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .
1	An electrostatic generator, or electrostatic machine, is an electromechanical generator that produces static electricity, or electricity at high voltage and low continuous current. [SEP] What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
1	A crinoline is a stiffened or structured petticoat designed to hold out a woman's skirt, popular at various times since the mid-19th century. [SEP] For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .
1	The globus cruciger (Latin, "cross-bearing orb"), also known as the orb and cross, an orb (Latin globus) topped (Latin gerere, to wear) by a cross (Latin crux), has been a Christian symbol of authority since the Middle Ages, used on coins, in iconography, and with the sceptre as royal regalia. [SEP] What -LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
1	Tiziano Vecelli or Tiziano Vecellio (; 1488/1490 – 27 August 1576), known in English as Titian, was an Italian painter, the most important member of the 16th-century Venetian school. [SEP] A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
1	Phacochoerus is a genus of wild pigs in the family Suidae, known as warthogs. [SEP] Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
1	Stockholm Bromma Airport is a Swedish domestic and minor international airport in Stockholm. [SEP] The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English -- round out the square edges .
1	Ludwig van Beethoven (,;; baptised 17 December 1770 - 26 March 1827) was a German composer. [SEP] The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
1	Batheaston is a village and civil parish 2 mi east of Bath, England (which is believed to be the origin of the name), on the north bank of the River Avon. [SEP] A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .
1	Limburg is a province in Belgium. [SEP] Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
1	Germanium is a chemical element with symbol Ge and atomic number 32. [SEP] A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
1	This is a list of the highest-paid athletes in the world as ranked by Forbes magazine. [SEP] Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
1	Welsh nationalism () emphasises the distinctiveness of Welsh language, culture, and history, and calls for more self-determination for Wales, which might include more devolved powers for the Welsh Assembly or full independence from the United Kingdom. [SEP] Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
1	Donald Paul Bellisario (born August 8, 1935) is an American television producer and screenwriter who created and sometimes wrote episodes for the TV series Magnum, P.I. [SEP] Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie .
1	Quantum Leap is an American science fiction television series that originally aired on NBC for five seasons, from March 1989 through May 1993. [SEP] Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
1	"Man I Used to Be" is a 2005 top 20 hit single in Canada by Canadian alternative rapper k-os. [SEP] Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
1	The technological and industrial history of Canada encompasses the country's development in the areas of transportation, communication, energy, materials, public works, public services (health care), domestic/consumer and defence technologies. [SEP] Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
1	The 1970 Davis Cup was the 59th edition of the most important tournament between national teams in men's tennis. [SEP] The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
0	Paris Métro Line 1 is one of the sixteen lines composing the Paris Métro (in Paris, France). [SEP] The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
1	The UK Albums Chart (currently entitled the Official Albums Chart) is a list of albums ranked by physical and digital sales and (from March 2015) audio streaming in the United Kingdom. [SEP] This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
1	Abigar are a breed of cattle found in Eastern Africa. [SEP] An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .
1	The 2011 French Socialist Party presidential primary was the first open primary (primaires citoyennes) of the French Socialist Party and Radical Party of the Left for selecting their candidate for the 2012 presidential election. [SEP] Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
1	Princess Arthur of Connaught, 2nd Duchess of Fife, (Alexandra Victoria Alberta Edwina Louise; née Duff; Princess Alexandra, Duchess of Fife before marriage; 17 May 1891 – 26 February 1959) was a granddaughter of King Edward VII and great-granddaughter of Queen Victoria. [SEP] Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
1	Mounds is a candy bar made by Hershey's. [SEP] The viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
1	The carrot (Daucus carota subsp. [SEP] With amazing finesse , the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .
1	The Midland is a grand hotel in Manchester, England. [SEP] Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .
1	Christopher Michael "Chris" Taub, M.D., is a fictional character on the Fox medical drama House. [SEP] A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
1	Chilean wine is wine made in Chile. [SEP] has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
1	An equestrian statue is a statue of a rider mounted on a horse, from the Latin "eques", meaning "knight", deriving from "equus", meaning "horse". [SEP] A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .
1	Paraguay (;; ), officially the Republic of Paraguay (, ), is a landlocked country in central South America, bordered by Argentina to the south and southwest, Brazil to the east and northeast, and Bolivia to the northwest. [SEP] A chilling movie without oppressive gore .
1	The Mangalica (sometimes spelled Mangalitsa in the UK or Mangalitza in the USA) is a Hungarian breed of domestic pig. [SEP] A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
1	Batman River [SEP] If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .
1	The World Rugby Sevens Series, known officially as the HSBC World Rugby Sevens Series due to sponsorship from banking group HSBC, is an annual series of international rugby sevens tournaments run by World Rugby featuring national sevens teams. [SEP] Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
1	Gaius Cassius Longinus (; October 3, before 85 BC – October 3, 42 BC) was a Roman senator, a leading instigator of the plot to kill Julius Caesar, and the brother in-law of Marcus Junius Brutus. [SEP] The Ring never lets you off the hook .
1	Kingfishers are a group of small to medium-sized, brightly colored birds in the order Coraciiformes. [SEP] Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
1	Not to be confused with reverse bungee. [SEP] At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
1	The Anglo-Soviet invasion of Iran, also known as Anglo-Soviet invasion of Persia, was the invasion of the Empire of Iran during World War II by Soviet, British and other Commonwealth armed forces. [SEP] If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
1	Sir Anthony Robinson, known professionally as Tony Robinson (born 15 August 1946), is an English actor, comedian, amateur historian, TV presenter and political activist. [SEP] Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
0	Attercopus is an extinct genus of arachnids, containing one species Attacopus fimbriunguis, known from a Devonian-aged fossil. [SEP] It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
1	French cuisine consists of the cooking traditions and practices from France. [SEP] It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .
1	The Constitution of Italy provides for only two kinds of legally binding referendums: [SEP] The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
1	FIFA Player of the Century was a one-off award created by FIFA to decide the greatest football player of the 20th century. [SEP] This is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
1	The name of God used most often in the Hebrew Bible is the Tetragrammaton YHWH (). [SEP] Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty .
1	The West Midlands is a metropolitan county in western central England with a 2014 estimated population of 2,808,356, making it the second most populous county in England. [SEP] It 's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work .
1	An encyclical was originally a circular letter sent to all the churches of a particular area in the ancient Roman Church. [SEP] A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
1	Jacqueline Mary du Pré, OBE (26 January 1945 – 19 October 1987) was an English cellist. [SEP] The tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
1	Svante August Arrhenius (19 February 1859 – 2 October 1927) was a Swedish scientist, originally a physicist, but often referred to as a chemist, and one of the founders of the science of physical chemistry. [SEP] Kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
1	Louis William Tomlinson (born Louis Troy Austin; 24 December 1991) is an English singer-songwriter and actor. [SEP] One of the greatest films I 've ever seen .
1	The 2008 presidential campaign of Hillary Rodham Clinton, then junior United States Senator from New York, was announced on her website on January 20, 2007. [SEP] Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
1	Henry Martyn Robert (May 2, 1837 – May 11, 1923) was the author of Robert's Rules of Order, which became the most widely used manual of parliamentary procedure and remains today the most common parliamentary authority in the United States. [SEP] About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
1	Linlithgow (; , ) is a royal burgh in West Lothian, Scotland. [SEP] Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
1	"I'll Never Fall in Love Again" is a popular song by the composer Burt Bacharach and the lyricist Hal David. [SEP] This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
1	The Refreshment Sundays or Rose Sundays are Sundays within the two major fasts observed in Western Christianity, Lent and Advent. [SEP] A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
1	Lee Robert Clark (born 27 October 1972) is an English football manager and former player. [SEP] One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
1	Fun with Dick and Jane is a 2005 American comedy film—a remake of the 1977 comedy film of the same name—that was directed by Dean Parisot, and written by Judd Apatow and Nicholas Stoller. [SEP] While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
1	"Got the Life" is a song written and recorded by American band Korn for their third studio album, Follow the Leader which was released as the album's second single on November 23, 1998. [SEP] Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
1	Muhajirun ( The Emigrants) were the first converts to Islam and the Islamic Prophet Muhammad's advisors and relatives, who emigrated with him from Mecca to Medina, the event known in Islam as The Hijra. [SEP] A charmer from Belgium .
1	Roy Sydney George Hattersley, Baron Hattersley PC FRSL (born 28 December 1932) is a British Labour politician, author and journalist from Sheffield. [SEP] A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
1	Position in team sports refers to the joint arrangement of a team on its field of play during a game and to the standardized place of any individual player in that arrangement. [SEP] Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
1	Gamophobia is the fear of getting married or being in a relationship. [SEP] Brown Sugar signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .
1	Classical Greece was a 200-year period in Greek culture lasting from the 5th through 4th centuries BC. [SEP] With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
1	Piggotts, also known as St Mark's Village, is a small township in St George's Parish, Antigua. [SEP] It 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .
1	Willye Brown White (December 31, 1939 – February 6, 2007) was the first American track and field athlete to take part in five Olympics, from 1956 to 1972. [SEP] It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
1	David Ivor Davies (15 January 1893 – 6 March 1951), better known as Ivor Novello, was a Welsh composer and actor who became one of the most popular British entertainers of the first half of the 20th century. [SEP] -LRB- Leigh -RRB- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
1	Nigel Gregory Benn (born 22 January 1964) is a British former professional boxer who competed from 1987 to 1996. [SEP] -LRB- D -RRB- espite its familiar subject matter , Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
1	Sakhalin (,) is a large Russian island in the North Pacific Ocean, lying between 45°50' and 54°24' N. It is Russia's largest island, and is administered as part of Sakhalin Oblast. [SEP] The ingenious construction -LRB- adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel -RRB- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
1	Geese are waterfowl belonging to the tribe Anserini of the family Anatidae. [SEP] Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
1	Christian population growth is the population growth of the global Christian community. [SEP] The bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
1	Raymone K. Bain, Esquire, Chairman, The Raymone K. Bain Companies, LLC, in Washington,D.C., has a distinguished career as one of the country’s most influential problem solvers, media strategists, policy analysts, international brand experts and spokespersons. [SEP] It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .
1	Forage is plant material (mainly plant leaves and stems) eaten by grazing livestock. [SEP] It is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
1	Delft is a city and a municipality in the Netherlands. [SEP] While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
1	An eclipse is an astronomical event that occurs when an astronomical object is temporarily obscured, either by passing into the shadow of another body or by having another body pass between it and the viewer. [SEP] Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
1	The following is a list of mythological hybrids grouped morphologically based on their constituent species. [SEP] Aside from Rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
1	The Kingdom of Hawaii was established in 1795 with the unification of the independent islands of Hawaiʻi, Oʻahu, Maui, Molokaʻi, and Lānaʻi into one government with the use of western military technology. [SEP] ... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
1	Sir Humphry Davy, 1st Baronet (17 December 1778 - 29 May 1829) was a Cornish chemist and inventor, who is best remembered today for his discoveries of several alkali and alkaline earth metals, as well as contributions to the discoveries of the elemental nature of chlorine and iodine. [SEP] You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
1	Zachary Harris Johnson (born February 24, 1976) is an American professional golfer who has 12 victories on the PGA Tour, including two major championships, the 2007 Masters and the 2015 Open Championship. [SEP] Changing Lanes tries for more .
1	Claudio Ranieri Ufficiale OMRI (; born 20 October 1951) is an Italian football manager and former player. [SEP] It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
1	Major general (or major-general, short MG ) is a military rank used in many countries. [SEP] When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
1	A curse (also called a jinx, hex or execration) is any expressed wish that some form of adversity or misfortune will befall or attach to some other entity—one or more persons, a place, or an object. [SEP] The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
1	"Put On" is a song written and performed by American hip hop recording artists Young Jeezy and Kanye West, taken from the former's third studio album, The Recession. [SEP] Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
1	Amy Johnson, CBE (1 July 1903 – 5 January 1941) was a pioneering English aviatrix and was the first female pilot to fly alone from Britain to Australia. [SEP] A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .
1	The World Bank is an international financial institution that provides loans to developing countries for capital programs. [SEP] -LRB- Ramsay -RRB- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
1	Charles William Ferdinand, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, Prince of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel () (9 October 1735 – 10 November 1806), was ruler of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel, a statesman and a military leader. [SEP] Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
1	Percy Bysshe Shelley (; 4 August 1792 - 8 July 1822) was one of the major English Romantic poets, and is regarded by some as among the finest lyric, as well as epic, poets in the English language. [SEP] At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
1	Bénédictine is a herbal liqueur beverage developed by Alexandre Le Grand in the 19th century and produced in France. [SEP] The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .
1	A racing slick (also known as a "slick tire") is a type of tire that has a smooth tread used mostly in auto racing. [SEP] 10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
1	"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" is an English-language pangram—a phrase that contains all of the letters of the alphabet. [SEP] It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
0	The Royal College of Art or RCA is a public research university in London, in the United Kingdom. [SEP] Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
1	A centimetre (international spelling as used by the International Bureau of Weights and Measures; symbol cm) or centimeter (American spelling) is a unit of length in the metric system, equal to one hundredth of a metre, centi being the SI prefix for a factor of . [SEP] Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
1	David Robert StarkeyStarkey had his middle name in 1986 when he stood for election but it was not mentioned when he was awarded his CBE in 2007. [SEP] As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
1	The Toyota Avensis is a large family car built in Derbyshire, United Kingdom by Japanese carmaker Toyota since 1997. [SEP] The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '
1	Beaujolais is a French Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée (AOC) wine generally made of the Gamay grape which has a thin skin and is low in tannins. [SEP] As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
1	A buttress is an architectural structure built against or projecting from a wall which serves to support or reinforce the wall. [SEP] The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
1	Rainforests are forests characterized by high rainfall, with annual rainfall between 250 and. [SEP] Daughter From Danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
1	Saliva is a watery substance formed in the mouths of humans and animals, secreted by the salivary glands. [SEP] A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
1	A spoil tip (also called a spoil bank, boney pile, gob pile, bing, batch, boney dump or pit heap) is a pile built of accumulated spoil – the overburden or other waste rock removed during coal and ore mining. [SEP] A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
1	A natural nuclear fission reactor is a uranium deposit where self-sustaining nuclear chain reactions have occurred. [SEP] Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
1	Ryman Auditorium (formerly Grand Ole Opry House and Union Gospel Tabernacle) is a 2,362-seat live performance venue, located at 116 5th Avenue North, in Nashville, Tennessee and is best known as the home of the Grand Ole Opry from 1943 to 1974. [SEP] Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
1	In physics and electrical engineering, a conductor is an object or type of material that allows the flow of an electrical current in one or more directions. [SEP] I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
1	Copernicium is a chemical element with symbol Cn and atomic number 112. [SEP] It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
1	Mary Denise Rand, MBE (née Bignal on 10 February 1940) is a former English track and field athlete. [SEP] Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
1	Poirot's Early Cases is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Collins Crime Club in September 1974. [SEP] Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
1	An emergency department (ED), also known as an accident & emergency department (A&E), emergency room (ER) or casualty department, is a medical treatment facility specializing in emergency medicine, the acute care of patients who present without prior appointment; either by their own means or by that of an ambulance. [SEP] borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
1	Thomas Jonathan "Stonewall" Jackson (January 21, 1824 – May 10, 1863) was a Confederate general during the American Civil War, and the best-known Confederate commander after General Robert E. Lee. [SEP] Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
1	] [SEP] If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
1	The Warlord Chronicles is a trilogy of books about Arthurian Britain written by Bernard Cornwell. [SEP] Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !
1	Cheryl Ladd (born Cheryl Jean Stoppelmoor; July 12, 1951) is an American actress, singer, and author. [SEP] Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
1	Doménikos Theotokópoulos (; 1541 - 7 April 1614), most widely known as El Greco (; Spanish for "The Greek"), was a painter, sculptor and architect of the Spanish Renaissance. [SEP] `` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
1	Kris Radlinski MBE (born 9 April 1976 in Wigan, England) is a retired English rugby league player of the 1990s and 2000s. [SEP] If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
1	Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides is a 2011 American fantasy swashbuckler film and the fourth installment in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series. [SEP] If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
1	Semantics (from sēmantikós, "significant") is the study of meaning—in language, programming languages, formal logics, and semiotics. [SEP] The movie is a trove of delights .
1	The Seven Deadly Sins (, ) is a satirical ballet chanté ("sung ballet") in seven scenes (nine movements) composed by Kurt Weill to a German libretto by Bertolt Brecht in 1933 under a commission from Boris Kochno and Edward James. [SEP] Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
1	The Andaman Sea (; ; ; ) is a body of water to the southeast of the Bay of Bengal, south of Myanmar (Burma), west of Thailand, north-west of Malay Peninsula, north of Sumatra and east of the Andaman Islands, India, from which it takes its name; it is part of the Indian Ocean. [SEP] In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
1	The NCR Corporation (abbrev. [SEP] While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
0	A Tomb of the Unknown Soldier refers to a monument in dedication to the services of an unknown soldier and to the common memories of all soldiers killed in any war. [SEP] Who cares ? -RRB- .
1	Frida Kahlo de Rivera (; July 6, 1907 – July 13, 1954), born Magdalena Carmen Frieda Kahlo y Calderón, was a Mexican painter known for her self-portraits. [SEP] Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
1	The following is an episode list for the long-running BBC One sitcom Last of the Summer Wine which was broadcast from 4 January 1973 to 29 August 2010. [SEP] Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
1	Characidae, the characids or characins is a family of freshwater subtropical and tropical fish, belonging to the order Characiformes. [SEP] Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
1	Olaf II Haraldsson (995 – 29 July 1030), later known as St. Olaf, was King of Norway from 1015 to 1028. [SEP] Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .
1	A research vessel (RV or R/V) is a ship or boat designed and/or equipped to carry out research at sea. [SEP] For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
1	Nyasaland, or the Nyasaland Protectorate ( or), was a British protectorate located in Africa, which was established in 1907 when the former British Central Africa Protectorate changed its name. [SEP] As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
1	Chantilly Racecourse (In French: "Hippodrome de Chantilly") is a Thoroughbred turf racecourse for flat racing in Chantilly, Oise, France, about 50 km north of the centre of the city of Paris. [SEP] Despite its flaws , Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
1	Hygroscopy is the ability of a substance to attract and hold water molecules from the surrounding environment. [SEP] You 'll end up moved .
1	A ribbon or riband is a thin band of material, typically cloth but also plastic or sometimes metal, used primarily as decorative binding and tying. [SEP] If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
1	Connemara National Park () is one of six national parks in the Republic of Ireland that are managed by the National Parks and Wildlife Service of the Department of Arts, Heritage and the Gaeltacht. [SEP] The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
1	Todd James Lasance (born 18 February 1985) is an Australian actor recognised for his roles in several Australian television productions including Home and Away, Cloudstreet, Underbelly and The Great Mint Swindle. [SEP] I loved the look of this film .
1	A lymphocyte is one of the subtypes of white blood cell in a vertebrate's immune system. [SEP] Those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
1	The olfactory bulb (bulbus olfactorius) is a neural structure of the vertebrate forebrain involved in olfaction, or the sense of smell. [SEP] Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
1	Peter Lorre (born László Löwenstein; 26 June 1904 – 23 March 1964) was an Austro-Hungarian-American actor. [SEP] Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
1	Durometer is one of several measures of the hardness of a material. [SEP] Quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
1	Nicolas Poussin (; June 1594 – 19 November 1665) was the leading painter of the classical French Baroque style, although he spent most of his working life in Rome. [SEP] -LRB- Barry -RRB- gives Assassin a disquieting authority .
1	Porky's is a 1981 Canadian-American sex comedy film, written and directed by Bob Clark about the escapades of teenagers at the fictional Angel Beach High School in Florida in 1954. [SEP] It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
1	Haarlem (; predecessor of Harlem in the English language) is a city and municipality in the Netherlands. [SEP] As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
1	Chief superintendent is a senior rank in police forces organised on the British model. [SEP] Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .
1	A flare gun is a firearm that launches flares. [SEP] Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
1	Sada Carolyn Thompson (September 27, 1927 – May 4, 2011) was an American stage, film, and television actress. [SEP] An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
1	Footwear refers to garments worn on the feet, which originally serves to purpose of protection against adversities of the environment, usually regarding ground textures and temperature. [SEP] As Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
1	Herbert Henry Asquith, 1st Earl of Oxford and Asquith, (12 September 1852 – 15 February 1928) served as the Liberal Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1908 to 1916. [SEP] every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
1	In mathematics, two variables are proportional if a change in one is always accompanied by a change in the other, and if the changes are always related by use of a constant multiplier. [SEP] On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
1	An inlet is an indentation of a shoreline, usually long and narrow, such as a small bay or arm, that often leads to an enclosed body of salt water, such as a sound, bay, lagoon, or marsh. [SEP] It 's never dull and always looks good .
1	Clydebank is a town in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland. [SEP] As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
1	The International Date Line (IDL) is an imaginary line of navigation on the surface of the Earth that runs from the north pole to the south pole and demarcates the change of one calendar day to the next. [SEP] All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
1	Interstate 75 (I-75) is a part of the Interstate Highway System and runs from the Hialeah–Miami Lakes border, a few miles northwest of Miami, to Sault Ste. [SEP] The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
1	William Baffin ( – 23 January 1622) was an English navigator and explorer. [SEP] With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
1	The Eurovision Song Contest 1991 was the 36th Eurovision Song Contest and was held on 4 May 1991 in Rome. [SEP] One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
1	In Greek mythology, Gaia ( or from Ancient Greek , a poetical form of Γῆ Gē, "land" or "earth" ) also spelled Gaea, is the personification of the Earth and one of the Greek primordial deities. [SEP] One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
1	A monorail is a railway in which the track consists of a single rail. [SEP] A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi .
1	The Masters Tournament is a golf competition that was established in 1934, with Horton Smith winning the inaugural tournament. [SEP] A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
0	International Cricket Captain, often known as ICC for short, is a series of cricket management video games by Empire Interactive, and then by Childish Things since International Cricket Captain 2009, before which Empire went into administration. [SEP] Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
1	Sydenham's chorea (SC) or chorea minor (historically referred to as Saint Vitus Dance) is a disorder characterized by rapid, uncoordinated jerking movements primarily affecting the face, hands and feet. [SEP] Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
1	Blade Runner is a 1982 American dystopian science fiction noir film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young and Edward James Olmos. [SEP] It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
1	Frank Gusenberg (October 11, 1893 – February 14, 1929) was a German-American contract killer and a victim of the Saint Valentine's Day massacre in Chicago, Illinois. [SEP] Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
1	Jeep is a brand of American automobiles that is a division of FCA US LLC (formerly Chrysler Group, LLC), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. [SEP] A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
1	The Magere Brug ("Skinny Bridge") is a bridge over the river Amstel in the city centre of Amsterdam. [SEP] A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .
1	The Rhode Island Red is an American breed of chicken (Gallus gallus domesticus). [SEP] A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
1	The ancient Greeks had a large number of sea deities. [SEP] ... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
1	The Jaguar XK (XK, XK8 and XKR) is two door grand touring two-seater manufactured and marketed by Jaguar Cars from 1996-2014 in coupé and convertible bodystyles, across two generations. [SEP] It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
1	HM Prison Frankland is a Category A men's prison located in the village of Brasside in County Durham, England. [SEP] captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''
1	Diana Ernestine Earle Ross (born March 26, 1944) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and record producer. [SEP] The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
1	The Samoyed ( or ; ) is a breed of dog that takes its name from the Samoyedic peoples of Siberia. [SEP] Imamura has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
1	Crome Yellow is the first novel by British author Aldous Huxley, published in 1921. [SEP] It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
1	"Hey Joe" is an American popular song from the 1960s that has become a rock standard and as such has been performed in many musical styles by hundreds of different artists. [SEP] It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
1	Walter Frederick "Fred" Morrison (January 16 1920 in Richfield, Utah – February 9, 2010 in Monroe, Utah) was an American inventor and entrepreneur, best known as the inventor of the Frisbee. [SEP] Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
1	Parks and Recreation, also informally known as Parks and Rec, is an American political comedy television sitcom starring Amy Poehler as Leslie Knope, a perky, mid-level bureaucrat in the parks department of Pawnee, a fictional town in Indiana. [SEP] A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
1	The Venera (,) series space probes were developed by the Soviet Union between 1961 and 1984 to gather data from Venus, Venera being the Russian name for Venus. [SEP] With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
1	Zulu is a 1964 epic war film depicting the Battle of Rorke's Drift between the British Army and the Zulus in January 1879, during the Anglo-Zulu War. [SEP] Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
1	Security is the degree of resistance to, or protection from, harm. [SEP] The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
1	Maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) or maintenance, repair, and overhaul involves fixing any sort of mechanical, plumbing or electrical device should it become out of order or broken (known as repair, unscheduled, or casualty maintenance). [SEP] A smart , compelling drama .
1	The Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire (begun February 1519) was one of the most significant events in the Spanish colonization of the Americas. [SEP] A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
1	Urdu (; ALA-LC: ;, or Modern Standard Urdu) is a standardised register of the Hindustani language. [SEP] ... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
1	Habiba Zehi Ben Romdhane is Tunisia's health minister. [SEP] Deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
1	McDonald's maintains an extensive advertising campaign. [SEP] Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
1	The thermosphere is the layer of the Earth's atmosphere directly above the mesosphere and directly below the exosphere. [SEP] Despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
1	Brian Edward Cox, (born 3 March 1968 ) is an English physicist, and Advanced Fellow of particle physics in the School of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Manchester. [SEP] Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez .
0	A medical condition is a broad term that includes all diseases and disorders. [SEP] I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
1	The "Dead Parrot Sketch", alternatively and originally known as the "Pet Shop Sketch" or "Parrot Sketch", is a sketch from Monty Python's Flying Circus. [SEP] A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
1	This is a list of The Smurfs characters appearing in the original comics series, television series, and the 2011 movie (as well as its sequels). [SEP] Tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
1	The Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite (LCROSS) was a robotic spacecraft operated by NASA. [SEP] If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .
1	This is a list of the main career statistics of Australian tennis player, Lleyton Hewitt. [SEP] An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
1	Catherine Élise "Cate" Blanchett (; born 14 May 1969) is an Australian actress and theatre director. [SEP] A pleasing , often-funny comedy .
1	The environmental movement (sometimes referred to as the ecology movement), also including conservation and green politics, is a diverse scientific, social, and political movement for addressing environmental issues. [SEP] All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
1	Fantasia No. [SEP] An Asian neo-realist treasure .
1	The Russian Federation is divided into 85 subjects, of which nine are krais (, plural края́, kraya; "edges" or "frontiers"). [SEP] Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .
1	Eisa ( Eisaa) is a form of folk dance originating from the Okinawa Islands, Japan. [SEP] It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
0	The Saint Valentine's Day Massacre is the name given to the 1929 murder of seven men of the North Side Irish gang during the Prohibition Era. [SEP] ... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
1	Garnets are a group of silicate minerals that have been used since the Bronze Age as gemstones and abrasives. [SEP] I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
1	The Vulcan salute is a hand gesture popularized by the 1960s television series Star Trek. [SEP] A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
1	World of Sport was a British television sport programme which ran on ITV between 2 January 1965 and 28 September 1985 in competition with the BBC's Grandstand. [SEP] And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
1	Anthony "Tony" Fisher is a Welsh rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and 1970s, and rugby league coach of the 1980s and 1990s, playing club level rugby union (RU) for Swansea RFC, as a Hooker, and playing representative level rugby league (RL) for Great Britain and Wales national, and at club level for Bradford Northern (twice), Leeds, and Castleford, as a , or , i.e. [SEP] One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
1	A bicolor cat or piebald cat has white fur combined with fur of some other color, for example black or tabby. [SEP] An instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
1	Wilton Norman "Wilt" Chamberlain (August 21, 1936 – October 12, 1999) was an American basketball player. [SEP] Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
1	Benjamin "Ben" Jonson (c. 11 June 1572 – 6 August 1637) was an English playwright, poet, actor and literary critic of the 17th century, whose artistry exerted a lasting impact upon English poetry and stage comedy. [SEP] Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
1	The flag of Libya was originally introduced in 1951, following the creation of the Kingdom of Libya. [SEP] Garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
1	The Consolidated B-24 Liberator is an American heavy bomber, designed by Consolidated Aircraft of San Diego, California. [SEP] It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
1	Potassium carbonate (K2CO3) is a white salt, soluble in water (insoluble in ethanol) which forms a strongly alkaline solution. [SEP] A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
1	It Happened at the World's Fair is a 1963 American musical film starring Elvis Presley as a cropdusting pilot. [SEP] It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
1	Bergamo (Italian: ; , ) is a city in Lombardy, Italy, about 40 km northeast of Milan and 30 km from the lakes Como and Iseo. [SEP] Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
1	Lassie is an American television series that follows the adventures of a female Rough Collie dog named Lassie and her companions, both human and animal. [SEP] The director , Mark Pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
1	Team West-Tec F3 is a motor racing team owned by Gavin Wills and John Miller based in Corby in the United Kingdom, the most successful team in the history of the European F3 Open Championship. [SEP] Heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius .
1	Francis Michael Gough ( ; 23 November 1916 – 17 March 2011) was an English character actor who made over 150 film and television appearances. [SEP] Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
1	The Animals were an English band of the 1960s, formed in Newcastle upon Tyne, during the early part of the decade. [SEP] Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
1	A cockade is a knot of ribbons, or other circular- or oval-shaped symbol of distinctive colors which is usually worn on a hat.A Handful of Dust is a novel by the British writer Evelyn Waugh. [SEP] `` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
1	Belgian Blue is a breed of beef cattle from Belgium. [SEP] Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
1	Ernests Gulbis (, born 30 August 1988, and nicknamed "The Gull" or "Ernie" ) is a Latvian professional tennis player. [SEP] The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
1	National symbols of Indonesia are symbols that represent Republic of Indonesia. [SEP] Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .
1	Kingda Ka is a steel accelerator roller coaster located at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey, United States. [SEP] ... Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .
1	Pride and Prejudice () is a 2014 South Korean television series starring Choi Jin-hyuk, Baek Jin-hee, Choi Min-soo, Lee Tae-hwan and Son Chang-min. [SEP] Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
1	Mistress Nell is a 1915 silent film historical adventure starring Mary Pickford. [SEP] While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
1	The BC Lions are a professional Canadian football team competing in the West Division of the Canadian Football League (CFL). [SEP] Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
0	Boston Manor is a London Underground station serving the Boston Manor area between Brentford and Hanwell in west London. [SEP] As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .
1	Fu Manchu is an American, Southern California-based stoner rock band that formed in 1985. [SEP] Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
1	The Battle of Anghiari (1505) is a lost painting by Leonardo da Vinci, at times referred to as "The Lost Leonardo", which some commentators believe to be still hidden beneath one of the later frescoes in the Salone dei Cinquecento (Hall of the Five Hundred) in the Palazzo Vecchio, Florence. [SEP] You may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
1	The Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) was a proposed missile defense system intended to protect the United States from attack by ballistic strategic nuclear weapons (intercontinental ballistic missiles and submarine-launched ballistic missiles). [SEP] Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
0	In modern musical notation and tuning, an enharmonic equivalent is a note, interval, or key signature that is equivalent to some other note, interval, or key signature but "spelled", or named differently. [SEP] It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
1	Caroline Wozniacki (,; born 11 July 1990) is a Danish professional tennis player. [SEP] What makes it worth watching is Quaid 's performance .
1	A call girl or female escort is a sex worker who (unlike a street walker) does not display her profession to the general public; nor does she usually work in an institution like a brothel, although she may be employed by an escort agency. [SEP] Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
1	The rope-a-dope is a boxing fighting style commonly associated with Muhammad Ali in his 1974 Rumble in the Jungle match against George Foreman. [SEP] It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
1	The Brannock Device is a measuring instrument invented by Charles F. Brannock for measuring a person's shoe size. [SEP] More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
1	Dr. Bunsen Honeydew is a Muppet character from The Muppet Show, performed by Dave Goelz. [SEP] Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
1	Sharpe's Eagle is the second in the series of Sharpe historical war television dramas, based on the novel of the same name. [SEP] Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
1	The subfamily Theclinae is a group of butterflies, including the hairstreaks, elfins and allies, in the family Lycaenidae. [SEP] The filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
1	FedEx Corporation is an American multinational courier delivery services company headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee. [SEP] A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
1	Yves Camille Désiré Leterme (; born 6 October 1960) is a Flemish Belgian politician, a leader of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party (CD&V), and was the 48th Prime Minister of Belgium. [SEP] Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
1	The tambourine is a musical instrument in the percussion family consisting of a frame, often of wood or plastic, with pairs of small metal jingles, called "zils". [SEP] Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
1	God the Son () is the second person of the Trinity in Christian theology. [SEP] A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
1	#redirect Hull City CouncilALF is an American science fiction sitcom that aired on NBC from September 22, 1986 to March 24, 1990. [SEP] If you love him , you 'll like it .
1	The animated TV show The Simpsons is an American English language animated sitcom which has been broadcast in the United States since 1989 on FOX. [SEP] Rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
1	The Transformed Man is actor William Shatner's debut album. [SEP] The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
1	Canterbury Cathedral in Canterbury, Kent, is one of the oldest and most famous Christian structures in England. [SEP] Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
1	Logical consequence (also entailment) is one of the most fundamental concepts in logic. [SEP] The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
1	A leg is a weight bearing and locomotive anatomical structure, usually having a columnar shape. [SEP] Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
1	In modern usage, a magistrate is a judge or lawyer who hears cases in courts. [SEP] It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
1	Artemis Fowl is a series of eight science fiction fantasy novels by Irish author Eoin Colfer, featuring the titular Artemis Fowl II. [SEP] Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
1	The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Bath, Somerset, England. [SEP] It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
1	Coccinellidae is a widespread family of small beetles ranging from 0.8 to 18 mm (0.0315 to 0.708 inches). [SEP] An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula .
1	Beatrice Arthur (born Bernice Frankel; May 13, 1922 – April 25, 2009), also known as Bea Arthur, was an American actress, comedian, and singer. [SEP] -LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo .
1	Islands, such as the British Isles, can be adversely affected by the introduction of non-native species. [SEP] Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
0	Mr Standfast is the third of five Richard Hannay novels by John Buchan, first published in 1919 by Hodder & Stoughton, London. [SEP] You could hate it for the same reason .
1	In books and other works, a subtitle is an explanatory or alternate title. [SEP] With We Were Soldiers , Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .
0	Metallurgy is a domain of materials science and engineering that studies the physical and chemical behaviour of metallic elements, their intermetallic compounds, and their mixtures, which are called alloys. [SEP] ` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
1	Blue Murder is a Canadian crime drama television series, featuring stories that reflected the turbulence of urban life and the crimes that make headlines. [SEP] At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
1	The State Barrier Fence of Western Australia, formerly known as the Rabbit Proof Fence, the State Vermin Fence, and the Emu Fence, is a pest-exclusion fence constructed between 1901 and 1907 to keep rabbits and other agricultural pests, from the east, out of Western Australian pastoral areas. [SEP] But once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
1	A Chorus Line is a musical with music by Marvin Hamlisch, lyrics by Edward Kleban and a book by James Kirkwood, Jr. and Nicholas Dante. [SEP] There is greatness here .
1	Amen Corner were a successful Welsh rock group, formed in late 1966 in Cardiff, Wales. [SEP] Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
1	"Danger Zone" is a song, with music composed by Giorgio Moroder and lyrics written by Tom Whitlock, which American singer-songwriter Kenny Loggins recorded and released in 1986. [SEP] Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
1	The London Fire Brigade (LFB) is the statutory fire and rescue service for London. [SEP] If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
1	The Lion King II: Simba's Pride (later retitled The Lion King 2: Simba's Pride) is a 1998 American animated direct-to-video musical film sequel to the 1994 animated feature film, The Lion King. [SEP] Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
1	Lumpectomy (sometimes known as a tylectomy) is a surgical removal of a discrete portion or "lump" of breast, usually in the treatment of malignant tumor or breast cancer. [SEP] `` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
1	The Symphony No. [SEP] Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
0	This is a summary of 1987 in music in the United Kingdom, including the official charts from that year. [SEP] Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
1	The Hardy Boys, Frank and Joe Hardy, are fictional characters who appear in various mystery series for children and teens. [SEP] Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
1	Kurt Vonnegut Jr. (; November 11, 1922 - April 11, 2007) was an American author. [SEP] In its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
1	A car bomb, or truck bomb, also known as a vehicle-borne improvised explosive device (VBIED), is an improvised explosive device placed inside a car or other vehicle and detonated. [SEP] She may not be real , but the laughs are .
1	"Underneath the Arches" is a 1932 popular song with words and music by Bud Flanagan, and additional lyrics by Reg Connelly. [SEP] A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
1	Cookham is a village and civil parish in the north-easternmost corner of Berkshire in England, on the River Thames, notable as the home of the artist Stanley Spencer. [SEP] The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .
1	Long John Silver is a fictional character and main villain in the novel Treasure Island (1883) by Robert Louis Stevenson. [SEP] About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
1	The Gila River (; O'odham [Pima]: Keli Akimel or simply Akimel, Quechan: Haa Siʼil) is a 649 mi tributary of the Colorado River flowing through New Mexico and Arizona in the United States. [SEP] If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
1	The Symphony No. [SEP] The charm of Revolution OS is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
0	A wooden roller coaster is most often classified as a roller coaster with running rails made of flattened steel strips mounted on laminated wooden track. [SEP] Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
1	Coot Club is the fifth book of Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books, published in 1934. [SEP] Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
1	Practical Magic is a 1998 American romantic comedy film based on the 1995 novel of the same name by Alice Hoffman. [SEP] Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
1	The Golden Bough: A Study in Comparative Religion (retitled The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion in its second edition) is a wide-ranging, comparative study of mythology and religion, written by the Scottish anthropologist Sir James George Frazer (1854–1941). [SEP] For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
1	The Bottle Inn is a 16th-century public house in Marshwood in Dorset, England which hosts the World Nettle Eating Championship. [SEP] An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
1	Teach For Us is an American non-profit organization that works to educate the public about the challenges faced by recent college graduates and professionals who agree to teach for two years in low-income communities throughout the United States as part of the Teach For America program. [SEP] Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
1	Wakefield is a city in West Yorkshire, England, on the River Calder and the eastern edge of the Pennines, which had a population of 76,886 in 2001,[http://www.statistics.gov.uk/statbase/Expodata/Spreadsheets/D8271.xls Office for National Statistics: Census 2001 : Urban Areas: Table KS01 : Usual Resident Population] Retrieved 26 August 2009 increasing slightly for the five Wakefield wards (East, North, Rural, South and West) to 77,512 at the 2011 Census. [SEP] The film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
1	Julien Andrew Temple (born 26 November 1952) is an English film, documentary and music video director. [SEP] This is one of the year 's best films .
1	Albanians () are defined as an ethnic group native to Albania and neighboring countries. [SEP] A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
1	The history of poliomyelitis (polio) infections extends into prehistory. [SEP] Sorvino is delightful in the central role .
1	The 12th IAAF World Championships in Athletics () were held in Berlin, Germany from 15–23 August 2009. [SEP] She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
1	Anthony Clement "Nuts" McAuliffe (July 2, 1898 – August 11, 1975) was a United States Army brigadier general, who earned fame as the acting division commander of the 101st Airborne Division troops defending Bastogne, Belgium, during World War II's Battle of the Bulge. [SEP] It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
1	The population figure for indigenous peoples in the Americas before the 1492 voyage of Christopher Columbus has proven difficult to establish. [SEP] The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
1	This page lists the world's deepest lakes. [SEP] Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
1	Miller Lite, also known simply as Lite, is a 4.2% abv pale lager light beer brand sold by MillerCoors of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States. [SEP] `` Mr. Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
1	Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy, (Alexandra Helen Elizabeth Olga Christabel; born 25 December 1936) is the youngest granddaughter of King George V and Queen Mary. [SEP] It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
1	Made in Heaven is the fifteenth and final studio album by British rock band Queen, released on 6 November 1995 on Parlophone and Hollywood Records. [SEP] But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
1	Costa Concordia was a Concordia-class cruise ship built in 2004 by the Fincantieris Sestri Ponente yards in Italy and operated from 2005 until 2012 by Costa Crociere (a subsidiary of Carnival Corporation). [SEP] Chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
1	Alan Sked FRHistS (born 22 August 1947) is Professor of International History at the London School of Economics, and is politically active, opposing Britain's membership of the European Union; he several times stood as a candidate in parliamentary elections, and founded the party that became the UK Independence Party. [SEP] This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
1	Hart to Hart is an American mystery television series which premiered on August 25, 1979 on ABC. [SEP] In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
1	Hemel Hempstead is a large new town in Hertfordshire in the East of England, 24 mi northwest of London and part of the Greater London Urban Area. [SEP] There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
1	I'm Sorry, I'll Read That Again (often abbreviated as ISIRTA) is a BBC radio comedy programme that originated from the Cambridge University Footlights revue Cambridge Circus. [SEP] A funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
1	The Northwest Passage is a sea route connecting the northern Atlantic and Pacific Oceans through the Arctic Ocean, along the northern coast of North America via waterways through the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. [SEP] There 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
1	Stonewall is a census-designated place (CDP) in Gillespie County, Texas, United States. [SEP] Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
1	The taxicabs of New York City are widely recognized icons of the city, come in two varieties: yellow and green. [SEP] A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
1	Smithfield is a locality in the ward of Farringdon Without situated at the City of London's northwest in central London, England. [SEP] A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
0	Fernando San Emeterio Lara (born January 1, 1984) is a Spanish professional basketball player who plays for Valencia Basket of the Liga ACB. [SEP] Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
0	The South Africa national women's football team, nicknamed Banyana Banyana (The Girls), is the national team of South Africa and is controlled by the South African Football Association. [SEP] It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
1	Enalapril (marketed as Vasotec in the US, Enaladex and Renitec in some other countries, and Enacard for veterinary use ) is an angiotensin-converting-enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the treatment of hypertension, diabetic nephropathy, and some types of chronic heart failure. [SEP] For most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
0	Katie Price (born Katrina Amy Alexandra Alexis Infield; 22 May 1978), previously known by the pseudonym Jordan, is an English television personality and glamour model. [SEP] This is not an easy film .
1	The terms common people, common man, commoners, or the masses denote a broad social division referring to ordinary people who are members of neither royalty nor nobility nor the priesthood. [SEP] But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
1	An interhalogen compound is a molecule which contains two or more different halogen atoms (fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine, or astatine) and no atoms of elements from any other group. [SEP] A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
1	Hugh the Drover (or Love in the Stocks) is an opera in two acts by Ralph Vaughan Williams to an original English libretto by Harold Child. [SEP] ... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
1	Václav Klaus (; born 19 June 1941) is a Czech economist and politician who served as the second President of the Czech Republic from 2003 to 2013. [SEP] Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
1	The bonnethead shark or shovelhead, Sphyrna tiburo, is a member of the hammerhead shark genus Sphyrna, and part of the family Sphyrnidae. [SEP] Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
1	Swahili, also known as Kiswahili, is a Bantu language and the first language of the Swahili people. [SEP] One of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
1	A serial, film serial or chapter play, is a motion picture form popular during the first half of the twentieth century, consisting of a series of short subjects exhibited in consecutive order at one theater, generally advancing weekly, until the series is completed. [SEP] One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
0	The New Zealand National Party (Māori: Rōpū Nāhinara) is a centre-right political party in New Zealand, and one of the two major parties in New Zealand politics. [SEP] the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
1	Triple sec, originally Curaçao triple sec, is a variety of Curaçao liqueur, an orange-flavoured liqueur made from the dried peels of bitter and sweet orange. [SEP] Many a parent and their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .
1	Vatnajökull, also known as the Vatna Glacier in English, is the largest and most voluminous ice cap in Iceland, and one of the largest in area in Europe. [SEP] So could young romantics out on a date .
1	In cricket, a five-wicket haul (also known as a "five–for" or "fifer") refers to a bowler taking five or more wickets in a single innings. [SEP] All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .
1	Xena is a fictional character from Robert Tapert's Xena: Warrior Princess franchise. [SEP] It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
1	Suffolk is an independent city located in the U.S. state of Virginia. [SEP] Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
1	The First Epistle of Paul to Timothy, usually referred to simply as First Timothy and often written 1 Timothy, is one of three letters in the New Testament of the Bible often grouped together as the Pastoral Epistles, along with Second Timothy and Titus. [SEP] By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .
1	For the Mexican airline formerly known as Aerolitoral, see Aeromexico Connect [SEP] Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .
1	"Touch Too Much" is the fourth track on AC/DC's 1979 album Highway to Hell, their last with lead vocalist Bon Scott, who died the following year. [SEP] A charming but slight comedy .
1	Asphalt concrete (commonly called asphalt, blacktop, or pavement in North America, and tarmac or bitumen macadam in Great Britain and Ireland) is a composite material commonly used to surface roads, parking lots, and airports. [SEP] Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
1	#redirectSaint Valentine"Consider Yourself" is a song from the 1960s original West End and Broadway musical Oliver! [SEP] A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
1	Leonid Makarovych Kravchuk (; born January 10, 1934) is a former Ukrainian politician and the first President of Ukraine, who served from December 5, 1991, until his resignation on July 19, 1994. [SEP] Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant .
1	A chord of a circle is a straight line segment whose endpoints both lie on the circle. [SEP] A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
1	Joseph William "Joe" Calzaghe, ( ; born 23 March 1972) is a Welsh former professional boxer who competed from 1993 to 2008. [SEP] An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
1	Wanda Ventham (born 5 August 1935) is an English actress, known primarily for her role as Colonel Virginia Lake in the 1970s science-fiction television series UFO, and for her recurring role as Cassandra Trotter's mother Pamela Parry in the sitcom Only Fools and Horses from 1989–92. [SEP] Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
1	Lost Moon: The Perilous Voyage of Apollo 13 (published in paperback as Apollo 13), is a non-fiction book first published in 1994 by astronaut James Lovell and journalist Jeffrey Kluger, about the failed April, 1970 Apollo 13 lunar landing mission which Lovell commanded. [SEP] Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
1	Tsavo East National Park is one of the oldest and largest parks in Kenya at 13,747 square kilometres. [SEP] Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
1	Harold Athol Lanigan Fugard OIS (born 11 June 1932) is a South African playwright, novelist, actor, and director who writes in English. [SEP] We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .
1	The Samoan people are a Polynesian ethnic group of the Samoan Islands, sharing genetics, language, history and culture. [SEP] Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
1	"Late Night, Maudlin Street" is a song performed by Morrissey on his album Viva Hate. [SEP] Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
1	The Tercel is a subcompact manufactured by Toyota from 1978 to 1999 across five generations, in five body configurations sized between the Corolla and the Starlet. [SEP] What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
1	The French Army, officially the Land Army () (to distinguish it from the Air Army) is the land-based and largest component of the French Armed Forces. [SEP] A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
1	Andreas Rogert (10 November 1754 – 10 June 1833) was a Norwegian jurist and politician. [SEP] The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
1	Thunder in My Heart is the fifth album by the English singer-songwriter, Leo Sayer, and was released in 1977. [SEP] Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
1	In English common law, real property, real estate, realty, or immovable property is any subset of land that has been legally defined and whose improvements come from human efforts. [SEP] It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
0	Ralph Wilson Stadium, originally Rich Stadium and also known as "The Ralph", is a stadium in Orchard Park, New York, a suburb south of Buffalo. [SEP] Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
1	Pentangle (or The Pentangle) are a British folk-jazz band with an eclectic mix of folk, jazz, blues and folk rock influences. [SEP] But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
1	Sportsnight was a midweek BBC television sports programme that ran from 1968 until 1997. [SEP] It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
1	A city gate is a gate which is, or was, set within a city wall. [SEP] Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
1	The Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood (later known as the Pre-Raphaelites) was a group of English painters, poets, and critics, founded in 1848 by William Holman Hunt, John Everett Millais and Dante Gabriel Rossetti. [SEP] A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
1	The kris (Ngoko Javanese: ; Krama Javanese: ; Ngoko Gêdrìk: kêrìs; Krama Gêdrìk: wangkingan, lit. [SEP] The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
1	The Last White Christmas festival was held in Pisa on Dec. 4, 1983, the day of Saint Barbara, organized by the Gran Ducato Hard Core (GDHC), in the deconsecrated church of San Zeno. [SEP] It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
1	The Gregorian calendar was decreed in 1582 by the papal bull Inter gravissimas by Gregory XIII. [SEP] Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
1	Liverpool Guild of Students is the students' union of the University of Liverpool. [SEP] It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
1	Standard anatomical terms of location deal unambiguously with the anatomy of animals, including humans. [SEP] The Hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
1	Dan Davis Blocker (December 10, 1928 – May 13, 1972) was an American television actor and Korean War veteran. [SEP] Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
1	"It's OK!" [SEP] This is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
1	The Social Democratic Party of Germany (, SPD) is a social-democratic political party in Germany. [SEP] With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
1	Aaron Montgomery Ward (February 17, 1844 – December 7, 1913) was an American entrepreneur based in Chicago who made his fortune through the use of mail order for retail sales of general merchandise to rural customers. [SEP] Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
1	Zeus (; , Zeús,; Modern , Días) was the sky and thunder god in ancient Greek religion, who ruled as king of the gods of Mount Olympus. [SEP] Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
1	This is a list of official national capitals by latitude, including territories and dependencies, non-sovereign states including associated states and entities whose sovereignty is disputed. [SEP] Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
1	Digital television (DTV) is the transmission of audio and video by digitally processed and multiplexed signal, in contrast to the totally analog and channel separated signals used by analog television. [SEP] Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
1	Manchester Airport is an international airport in Ringway, Manchester, England, south west of Manchester city centre. [SEP] The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
1	Pashmina is a fine type of cashmere wool. [SEP] Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .
1	A crossbreed or crossbred usually refers to an organism with purebred parents of two different breeds, varieties, or populations. [SEP] Jackson is always watchable .
1	"La, la, la" is a song which was performed by the Spanish singer Massiel at the Eurovision Song Contest 1968 in London, winning the contest for Spain in that year. [SEP] works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
1	Dorothy Zbornak (née Petrillo) is a fictional character from the TV series The Golden Girls, portrayed by Bea Arthur for 7 years and 183 episodes. [SEP] A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
1	Sir Arthur Seymour Sullivan MVO (13 May 1842 – 22 November 1900) was an English composer. [SEP] Confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .
1	Christine Jorgensen (May 30, 1926 – May 3, 1989) was an American trans woman who was the first person to become widely known in the United States for having sex reassignment surgery. [SEP] The film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
1	The Süleymaniye Mosque (,) is an Ottoman imperial mosque located on the Third Hill of Istanbul, Turkey. [SEP] Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
1	Legislative assembly is the name given in some countries to either a legislature, or to one of its branch. [SEP] A dazzling dream of a documentary .
1	"The Night Chicago Died" is a song by the British group Paper Lace, written by Peter Callander and Mitch Murray. [SEP] A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
1	The South African music scene includes both popular (jive) and folk forms. [SEP] Brave and sweetly rendered love story .
1	The Scottish Deerhound, or simply the Deerhound, is a large breed of hound (a sighthound), once bred to hunt the Red Deer by coursing. [SEP] The film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
1	The Borneo Campaign of 1945 was the last major Allied campaign in the South West Pacific Area during World War II. [SEP] A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
1	Pasha or pascha (, ), formerly anglicized as bashaw, was a higher rank in the Ottoman Empire political and military system, typically granted to governors, generals, dignitaries and others. [SEP] The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
1	Kelendria Trene "Kelly" Rowland (born February 11, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and television personality. [SEP] If you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
1	Sally Jane Priesand (born June 27, 1946) is America's first female rabbi ordained by a rabbinical seminary, and the second formally ordained female rabbi in Jewish history, after Regina Jonas. [SEP] The difference between Cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
1	Laminaria is a genus of 31 species of brown algae commonly called "kelp". [SEP] Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
1	Christopher Robin is a character created by A. [SEP] There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
1	William Hedley (13 July 1779 – 9 January 1843 ) was born in Newburn, near Newcastle upon Tyne. [SEP] ` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
1	The lemon (Citrus × limon) is a species of small evergreen tree native to Asia. [SEP] Seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
1	The Atholl Highlanders is a Scottish ceremonial infantry regiment. [SEP] Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
1	Osama bin Laden, the founder and head of the Islamist group Al-Qaeda, was killed in Pakistan on May 2, 2011, shortly after 1:00 am PKT (20:00 UTC, May 1) by United States Navy SEALs of the U.S. [SEP] What makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
1	Pope Leo XIII (), born Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci; 2 March 1810 – 20 July 1903) to an Italian comital family, reigned as Pope from 20 February 1878 to his death in 1903. [SEP] Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
1	TuneCore is a Brooklyn, New York-based independent digital music distribution service, founded in 2005. [SEP] One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
1	Circulatory shock, commonly known as shock, is a life-threatening medical condition of low blood perfusion to tissues resulting in cellular injury and inadequate tissue function. [SEP] The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .
1	François Achille Bazaine (13 February 1811 – 23 September 1888) was a French general and from 1864, a Marshal of France, who surrendered the last organized French army to the Prussians during the Franco-Prussian war. [SEP] And Vin Diesel is the man .
1	Murano is a restaurant situated in London, England. [SEP] Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
1	Vedaranyam (also spelt as Vedaraniam and Vedaranniyam) is a town in Nagapattinam district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. [SEP] An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .
1	"People Will Say We're In Love" is a show tune from the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical Oklahoma! [SEP] The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
1	Margarita "Tingting" de los Reyes Cojuangco (born Margarita Manzano de los Reyes on April 29, 1944) is a Filipino politician, philanthropist and socialite. [SEP] Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
1	The Household Cavalry (HCav) is made up of the two most senior regiments of the British Army, the Life Guards and the Blues and Royals (Royal Horse Guards and 1st Dragoons). [SEP] Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
1	Planter's Punch is an IBA Official Cocktail made of dark rum, several juices, grenadine syrup, sugar syrup, and Angostura bitters. [SEP] Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
1	Stirlingshire or the County of Stirling (, ) is a registration county of Scotland, based in Stirling, the county town. [SEP] Sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
0	Mathangi "Maya" Arulpragasam (born 18 July 1975), better known by her stage name M.I.A., is an English hip hop recording artist, director, visual artist, activist, record producer, photographer, fashion designer and model. [SEP] ... while Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
1	Kellie Maloney (born Francis "Frank" Maloney, 1953) is a British boxing manager and promoter who managed Lennox Lewis to the Undisputed Heavyweight Championship of the World. [SEP] For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
1	Chemical synthesis is a purposeful execution of chemical reactions to obtain a product, or several products. [SEP] Prepare to marvel again .
1	An anode is an electrode through which conventional current flows into a polarized electrical device. [SEP] A witty , low-key romantic comedy .
1	Death of a President is a 2006 British docudrama political thriller film about the fictional assassination of George W. Bush, the 43rd U.S. President, on 19 October 2007 in Chicago, Illinois. [SEP] More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .
1	St. Elmo's fire (also St. Elmo's light ) is a weather phenomenon in which luminous plasma is created by a coronal discharge from a sharp or pointed object in a strong electric field in the atmosphere (such as those generated by thunderstorms or created by a volcanic eruption). [SEP] If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus , Sade is your film .
1	There are typically two types of clothing that the Japanese wear: the , such as kimonos, and . [SEP] Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
1	Open All Hours is a BBC television sitcom created and written by Roy Clarke for the BBC. [SEP] Together writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
1	The Gironde is a navigable estuary (often falsely referred to as a river), in southwest France and is formed from the meeting of the rivers Dordogne and Garonne just downstream of the centre of Bordeaux. [SEP] Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
1	Latvians (; ) are a Baltic ethnic group, native to what is modern-day Latvia and the immediate geographical region. [SEP] Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
0	Peter, Paul and Mary were an American folk group formed in New York City in 1961, during the American folk music revival phenomenon. [SEP] In other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
1	Michael John Pratt, (7 June 1931 – 10 July 1976), was an English actor, musician, songwriter and screenwriter, known for his work on British television in the 1960s and 1970s. [SEP] Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
1	This is a list of IATA-indexed railway stations, which are assigned codes by the IATA, similar to IATA airport codes. [SEP] Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
1	Deheubarth (; lit. [SEP] This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
1	The Washington State Liquor and Cannabis Board, formerly the Washington State Liquor Control Board, is an administrative agency of the State of Washington. [SEP] Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
1	The Munchkin is a relatively new breed of cat characterized by its very short legs, which are caused by a naturally occurring genetic mutation. [SEP] A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
0	The dhole (Cuon alpinus) is a canid native to Central, South and Southeast Asia. [SEP] It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
1	Harold "Harry" Osborn alias "New Goblin" or "American Son" is a fictional superhero and ex anti-hero in the . [SEP] Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .
1	The craft of stonemasonry (or stonecraft) has existed since humanity could use and make tools - creating buildings, structures, and sculpture using stone from the earth. [SEP] The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
1	A tart is a baked dish consisting of a filling over a pastry base with an open top not covered with pastry. [SEP] This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon .
1	The Water Festival is the New Year's celebrations that take place in Southeast Asian countries such as Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, and Thailand as well as Yunnan, China. [SEP] Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
1	Abbé Faria (), or Abbé (Abbot) José Custódio de Faria, (31 May 1756 – 20 September 1819), was a Goan Catholic monk who was one of the pioneers of the scientific study of hypnotism, following on from the work of Franz Mesmer. [SEP] Although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
1	A View to a Kill (1985) is the fourteenth spy film of the James Bond series, and the seventh and last to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. [SEP] The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
1	The Female Animal is a 1958 film drama starring Hedy Lamarr and Jane Powell. [SEP] Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
1	Nyctanthes arbor-tristis (Night-flowering Jasmine) is a species of Nyctanthes, native to South Asia and Southeast Asia. [SEP] It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
1	The contrabassoon, also known as the double bassoon, is a larger version of the bassoon, sounding an octave lower. [SEP] It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
1	Dissection (from Latin dissecare "to cut to pieces"; also called anatomization), is the dismembering of the body of an animal or plant to study its anatomical structure. [SEP] Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing Nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
1	"The Trouble with Tribbles" is the 44th episode of the American science fiction television series, Star Trek, the 15th episode of the second season. [SEP] Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .
1	Gaius Valerius Flaccus (Setinus Balbus) (in English:; died c. AD 90) was a Roman poet who flourished in the "Silver Age" under the emperors Vespasian and Titus and wrote a Latin Argonautica that owes a great deal to Apollonius of Rhodes' more famous epic. [SEP] Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
1	Ajaccio (; ; ; ,) is a French commune, prefecture of the department of Corse-du-Sud, and head office of the Collectivité territoriale de Corse (capital city of Corsica). [SEP] Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
0	Stephen Glenn "Steve" Martin (born August 14, 1945) is an American actor, comedian, writer, producer and musician. [SEP] Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
1	Jabez Spencer Balfour (4 September 1843 – 23 February 1916) was an English businessman, British Liberal Party politician and fraudster. [SEP] -LRB- Westbrook -RRB- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
1	The United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP) is a United Nations peacekeeping force that was established under United Nations Security Council Resolution 186 in 1964 to prevent a recurrence of fighting following intercommunal violence between the Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots, to contribute to the maintenance and restoration of law and order and to facilitate a return to normal conditions. [SEP] A film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
1	The Lemon Pipers were a 1960s psychedelic pop band from Oxford, Ohio, known chiefly for their song "Green Tambourine", which reached No. [SEP] Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
0	Volume is the quantity of three-dimensional space enclosed by a closed surface, for example, the space that a substance (solid, liquid, gas, or plasma) or shape occupies or contains. [SEP] Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
1	Mindanao ( ) is the second largest and southernmost major island in the Philippines. [SEP] Hardly a film that comes along every day .
1	Jenny may refer to: [SEP] A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
1	The Office is a mockumentary sitcom that was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on 9 July 2001. [SEP] A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
1	Hoplites were citizen-soldiers of Ancient Greek city-states who were primarily armed with spears and shields. [SEP] the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
1	Racewalking, or race walking, is a long-distance discipline within the sport of athletics. [SEP] More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
1	Borrowstounness commonly known as Bo'ness ( ) is a coastal parish in the Central Lowlands of Scotland. [SEP] For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
1	"Chantilly Lace" is the name of a rock and roll song written by Jerry Foster, Bill Rice, and Jiles Perry "The Big Bopper" Richardson, the last of whom released the song in August 1958. [SEP] If you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
1	The recorded history of Iceland began with the settlement by Viking explorers and their slaves from the east, particularly Norway and the British Isles, in the late 9th century. [SEP] Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
1	New College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom. [SEP] Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
1	The China Syndrome is a 1979 American thriller film that tells the story of a television reporter and her cameraman who discover safety coverups at a nuclear power plant. [SEP] Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
1	This is a glossary of terms used in fisheries, fisheries management and fisheries science. [SEP] The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
1	Desdemona is a character in William Shakespeare's play Othello (c. 1601–1604). [SEP] A winning and wildly fascinating work .
0	The sinking of the RMS Titanic occurred on the night of 14 April through to the morning of 15 April 1912 in the North Atlantic Ocean, four days into the ship's maiden voyage from Southampton to New York City. [SEP] We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
1	Mexico is a town in Oxford County, Maine, United States. [SEP] Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
1	Bananarama are a British female pop music vocal group formed in London in 1979 by friends Sara Dallin, Siobhan Fahey and Keren Woodward. [SEP] An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
1	The lurcher is the offspring of a sight hound mated with another breed, most commonly a pastoral breed or a terrier type of dog. [SEP] A meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
1	Chiwetel Ejiofor, CBE, ( ; born 10 July 1977) is a British actor. [SEP] I love the robust middle of this picture .
1	A wooden spoon is a spoon made from wood, usually given to an individual or team which has come last in a competition, but sometimes also to runners-up. [SEP] The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
1	A mask is an object normally worn on the face, typically for protection, disguise, performance, or entertainment. [SEP] Maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
1	Ronald Gordon King-Smith OBE, Hon.MEd (27 March 1922 – 4 January 2011), was a prolific English writer of children's books, primarily using the pen name Dick King-Smith. [SEP] There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
0	Vipsania Agrippina, most commonly known as Agrippina Major or Agrippina the Elder (Major Latin for the elder, Classical Latin: AGRIPPINA•GERMANICI, 14 BC – 17/18 October AD 33), was a distinguished and prominent Roman woman of the first century CE. [SEP] Paul Cox needed to show it .
0	British Satellite Broadcasting (BSB) was a television company headquartered in London, which provided direct broadcast satellite television services to the United Kingdom. [SEP] If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
1	45 Commando Royal Marines (pronounced "four-five commando") is a battalion sized unit of the British Royal Marines and subordinate unit within 3 Commando Brigade Royal Marines, the principal Commando formation, under the Operational Command of Commander in Chief Fleet. [SEP] There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .
1	Fear Factory is an American industrial metal band that was formed in 1989. [SEP] Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
1	Livermorium is a synthetic superheavy element with symbol Lv and atomic number 116. [SEP] An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
1	Ebony is a dense black hardwood, most commonly yielded by several different species in the genus Diospyros. [SEP] The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .
1	The Boeing 727 is a mid-size narrow-body three-engine jet aircraft built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes from the early 1960s to 1984. [SEP] Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '
0	Rubus is a large and diverse genus of flowering plants in the rose family, Rosaceae, subfamily Rosoideae, with 250–700 species. [SEP] ... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
1	Bausch + Lomb, an American company founded in Rochester, New York, is one of the world's largest suppliers of eye health products, including contact lenses, lens care products, medicines and implants for eye diseases. [SEP] Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
1	The CCMA must have issued a certificate to certify that the dispute has not yet been resolved [SEP] This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
0	This is a list of longest rivers in the United States by state. [SEP] As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
1	In Greek mythology, Laërtes (; , Laértēs) was the son of Arcesius and Chalcomedusa. [SEP] Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
1	Bromsgrove is a town in Worcestershire, England. [SEP] A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
1	In Greek mythology, a Charis (; ,) or Grace is one of three or more minor goddesses of charm, beauty, nature, human creativity, and fertility, together known as the Charites () or Graces. [SEP] It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .
1	Point (), also known as the Eye Peninsula, is a peninsula some 11 km long in the Outer Hebrides (or Western Isles), Scotland. [SEP] Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
1	Birendra Bir Bikram Shah () (29 December 1945 – 1 June 2001) was the 11th King of Nepal and a South Asian statesman. [SEP] As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
1	In Greek mythology, Styx (; ) is a deity and a river that forms the boundary between Earth and the Underworld (the domain often called Hades, which also is the name of its ruler). [SEP] There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .
1	Richard Bruce Cheney, generally known as Dick Cheney (born January 30, 1941) is an American politician and businessman who was the 46th Vice President of the United States from 2001 to 2009, under President George W. Bush. [SEP] Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
1	Graphic violence is the depiction of especially vivid, brutal and realistic acts of violence in visual media such as literature, film, television, and video games. [SEP] A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
1	The Texas annexation was the 1845 incorporation of the Republic of Texas into the United States of America, which was admitted to the Union as the 28th state on December 29, 1845. [SEP] Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
1	Ian Gillan (born 19 August 1945) is an English singer and songwriter. [SEP] Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
1	Digitalis ( or ) is a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous perennials, shrubs, and biennials commonly called foxgloves. [SEP] An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
1	Antoine Fuqua (born January 19, 1966) is an American film director and film producer. [SEP] Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
1	Monument Valley (Navajo: Tsé Biiʼ Ndzisgaii, meaning valley of the rocks) is a region of the Colorado Plateau characterized by a cluster of vast sandstone buttes, the largest reaching 1000 ft above the valley floor. [SEP] Ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
1	Antisemitism (also spelled anti-Semitism) – prejudice, hatred of, or discrimination against Jews for reasons connected to their Jewish heritage – has experienced a long history of expression since the days of ancient civilizations, with most of it having originated in the Christian and pre-Christian civilizations of Europe. [SEP] Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
0	The 19th century (1 January 1801 – 31 December 1900) was the century marked by the collapse of the Spanish, Napoleonic, Holy Roman and Mughal empires. [SEP] The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
1	The John Adams Building is one of three library buildings of the Library of Congress in the United States. [SEP] What I saw , I enjoyed .
1	Samuel Pepys PRS, MP, JP ( ; 23 February 1633 – 26 May 1703) was an English naval administrator and Member of Parliament who is most famous for the diary that he kept for a decade while still a relatively young man. [SEP] The level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .
1	The Mojave Desert ( ) is a rain-shadow arid desert area that occupies a significant portion of southeastern California and smaller parts of central California, southern Nevada, southwestern Utah and northwestern Arizona in the United States. [SEP] A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
1	Comics [SEP] Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
1	Dangerous Moonlight (also known as Suicide Squadron in the USA) is a 1941 British film, starring Anton Walbrook, best known for its score written by Richard Addinsell with orchestrations by Roy Douglas, which includes the Warsaw Concerto. [SEP] Delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
1	King Leontes is a fictional character in Shakespeare's play The Winter's Tale. [SEP] A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .
1	At the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, 38 events in athletics were contested, 24 for men and 14 for women. [SEP] Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
1	Super Bowl XLIX was an American football game played to determine the champion of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2014 season. [SEP] For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
1	A stirrup cup is a "parting cup" given to guests, especially when they are leaving and have their feet in the stirrups. [SEP] Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
1	A down is a period in which a play transpires in American and Canadian football. [SEP] It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
1	"The Man that Got Away" is a popular song, published in 1953 and was written for the 1954 version of the movie A Star Is Born. [SEP] It 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
0	In classical Freudian psychoanalytic theory, the death drive () is the drive towards death and self-destruction. [SEP] If only it had the story to match .
0	Terry Ian Butcher (born 28 December 1958) is an English former professional footballer and manager. [SEP] It 's quite diverting nonsense .
1	"Wichita Lineman" is a song written by American songwriter Jimmy Webb in 1968. [SEP] An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
1	This is a categorized, alphabetical list of people who are known to have been infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the pathogen that causes AIDS, including those who have died. [SEP] For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
1	Bamako is the capital and largest city of Mali, with a population of 1.8 million (2009 census, provisional). [SEP] What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
1	Mediumship is the practice of certain people—known as mediums—to purportedly mediate communication between spirits of the dead and living human beings. [SEP] See it for his performance if nothing else .
1	Carp are various species of oily freshwater fish from the family Cyprinidae, a very large group of fish native to Europe and Asia. [SEP] ... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
1	Binoculars, field glasses or binocular telescopes are a pair of identical or mirror-symmetrical telescopes mounted side-by-side and aligned to point accurately in the same direction, allowing the viewer to use both eyes (binocular vision) when viewing distant objects. [SEP] It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
1	Once Bitten is a 1985 American horror comedy film starring Lauren Hutton, Jim Carrey, and Karen Kopins. [SEP] Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
1	In microeconomics, supply and demand is an economic model of price determination in a market. [SEP] Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
1	Mission: Impossible is an American television series that was created and initially produced by Bruce Geller. [SEP] It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
1	Sunderland (,) is a city at the centre of the City of Sunderland metropolitan borough, in Tyne and Wear, North East England. [SEP] An elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .
1	The Bonfire of the Vanities is a 1990 American comedy-drama film adaptation of the best-selling novel of the same name by Tom Wolfe, originally serialized in Rolling Stone. [SEP] Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
1	A coffee cup is a container that coffee and espresso-based drinks are served in. [SEP] As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
0	Jewish prayer (, tefillah; plural , tefillos or tefillot; Yiddish תּפֿלה tfile, plural תּפֿלות tfilles; Yinglish: davening from Yiddish דאַוונען daven ‘to pray’) are the prayer recitations and Jewish meditation traditions that form part of the observance of Rabbinic Judaism. [SEP] Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
0	The White House Counsel is a staff appointee of the President of the United States whose role is to advise the President on all legal issues concerning the President and his/her Administration. [SEP] You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .
1	The Protocols of the Elders of Zion () or The Protocols of the Meetings of the Learned Elders of Zion is an antisemitic fabricated text purporting to describe a Jewish plan for global domination. [SEP] Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
1	Malachite is a copper carbonate hydroxide mineral, with the formula Cu2CO3(OH)2. [SEP] From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
1	Dr. Julius M. Hibbert, usually referred to as Dr. Hibbert, is a recurring character on the animated series The Simpsons. [SEP] Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
1	Mini-Me is a character played by Verne Troyer in the second and third Austin Powers movies: Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me and Austin Powers in Goldmember. [SEP] Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .
1	"Like a Prayer" is a song by American singer Madonna, from her studio album of the same name. [SEP] Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
1	A champion (from the late Latin campio) is the victor in a challenge, contest or competition. [SEP] A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .
1	Nyctalopia (from Greek νύκτ-, nykt- "night"; ἀλαός, alaos "blind, not seeing", and ὄψ, ops "eye"), also called night-blindness, is a condition making it difficult or impossible to see in relatively low light. [SEP] It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America .
1	This is a list of the busiest airports in the United Kingdom, Channel Islands, and Isle of Man ranked by total passenger traffic, compiled from Civil Aviation Authority data from 2006 to 2012. [SEP] I like it .
1	Virender Sehwag (born 20 October 1978) is a former Indian cricketer. [SEP] There is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
1	Metamorphosis of Narcissus (1937) is an oil-on-canvas painting by the Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí. [SEP] That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
1	A gold reserve is the gold held by a national central bank, intended as a store of value and as a guarantee to redeem promises to pay depositors, note holders (e.g. [SEP] That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
1	Carom billiards, sometimes called carambole billiards or simply carambole (and in some cases used as a synonym for the game of straight rail from which many carom games derive), is the overarching title of a family of billiards games generally played on cloth-covered, 5 by pocketless tables, which often feature heated slate beds. [SEP] It 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
1	Ents are a race of beings in J. R. R. Tolkien's fantasy world Middle-earth who closely resemble trees. [SEP] A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .
1	The Ford Model Y is an automobile that was produced by Ford Britain, Ford SAF and Ford Germany from 1932 to 1937. [SEP] The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
1	Albert Champagne (June 5, 1866 – October 12, 1937) was a Saskatchewan rancher, hotel-owner and political figure. [SEP] Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
1	Belgrade (; ;; names in other languages) is the capital and largest city of Serbia. [SEP] Overall , Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
1	"Indian Love Call" (first published as "The Call") is a popular song from Rose-Marie, a 1924 operetta-style Broadway musical with music by Rudolf Friml and Herbert Stothart, and book and lyrics by Otto Harbach and Oscar Hammerstein II. [SEP] Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
1	"As Time Goes By" is a song written by Herman Hupfeld in 1931. [SEP] The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
1	The Fairest of Them All is the fifth solo studio album by Dolly Parton, released in February 1970 by RCA Records. [SEP] An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
1	Invertebrates are animals that neither possess nor develop a vertebral column (commonly known as a backbone or spine), derived from the notochord. [SEP] Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
1	Lyonnaise cuisine refers to cooking traditions and practices centering on the area around the French city of Lyon and the historical culinary traditions Lyonnais. [SEP] Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
1	Joel Thomas Zimmerman (born January 5, 1981), known professionally as deadmau5 (pronounced "deadmouse"), is a Canadian progressive house music producer and performer from Toronto, Ontario. [SEP] I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
1	Touch the Truck was a British Channel 5 endurance gameshow which aired in 2001. [SEP] Despite its flaws ... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
1	The 1978 FIFA World Cup, the 11th staging of the FIFA World Cup, quadrennial international football world championship tournament, was held in Argentina between 1 and 25 June. [SEP] The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
1	Klute is a 1971 crime-thriller film directed and produced by Alan J. Pakula, written by Andy and Dave Lewis, and starring Jane Fonda, Donald Sutherland, Charles Cioffi, and Roy Scheider. [SEP] Like the best of Godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
1	{4} a^2 [SEP] Horns and Halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
1	The Night of the Long Knives (German: , also called Operation Hummingbird or, in Germany, the Röhm Putsch (German spelling: ), or sometimes mockingly Reich Murder Week ( )), was a purge that took place in Nazi Germany from June 30 to July 2, 1934, when the Nazi regime carried out a series of political extra-judicial executions intended to consolidate Hitler's absolute hold on power in Germany. [SEP] -LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .
1	Herbert Asbury (September 1, 1889 – February 24, 1963) was an American journalist and writer best known for his books detailing crime during the 19th and early 20th century such as Gem of the Prairie: An Informal History of the Chicago Underworld, The Barbary Coast: An Informal History of the San Francisco Underworld and The Gangs of New York. [SEP] It treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
1	The Classic Serial is a strand on BBC Radio 4 in which classics of English literature are adapted into series of one-hour dramas. [SEP] Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
1	An honorific title is a word or expression with connotations conveying esteem or respect when used in addressing or referring to a person. [SEP] A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
1	Brian Basset is an American comic strip artist (Red and Rover). [SEP] How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
1	Lost Paradise is the debut album of the heavy metal band Paradise Lost. [SEP] Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
1	Western wear is a category of men's and women's clothing which derives its unique style from the clothes worn in the 19th-century American West. [SEP] Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
0	The cerebellum (Latin for "little brain") is a region of the brain that plays an important role in motor control. [SEP] To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
1	A conspiracy theory is an explanatory or speculative hypothesis suggesting that two or more persons, or an organization, have conspired to cause or cover up, through secret planning and deliberate action, an event or situation typically regarded as illegal or harmful. [SEP] One of the best movies of the year .
1	Stephen Edwin King (born September 21, 1947) is an American author of contemporary horror, supernatural fiction, suspense, science fiction, and fantasy. [SEP] The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .
1	Igor Judge, Baron Judge PC (born 19 May 1941), is a former English judge who served as the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales, the head of the judiciary, from 2008 to 2013. [SEP] A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
1	The penalty area or 18-yard box (also known less formally as "the penalty box" or simply "the box") is an area of an association football pitch. [SEP] Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
1	The sallet (also called celata, salade and schaller) was a war helmet that replaced the bascinet in Italy, western and northern Europe and Hungary during the mid-15th century. [SEP] Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net .
1	Timor is an island at the southern end of Maritime Southeast Asia, north of the Timor Sea. [SEP] -LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up .
1	The soundtrack to Licence to Kill, the 16th James Bond film of the same name, was released by MCA Records in 1989. [SEP] The trick when watching Godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
1	The PlayStation 2 (abbreviated as PS2) is a home video game console that was developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment, formerly Sony Computer Entertainment. [SEP] At its best , which occurs often , Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
1	Tamworth() is a large market town within an eponymous district in Staffordshire, England, located 14 mi northeast of Birmingham city centre and 103 mi northwest of London. [SEP] A modestly surprising movie .
1	The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has designated 131 World Heritage Sites in Western Europe. [SEP] A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
1	There is also a minor planet called 666 Desdemona. [SEP] There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
1	Charles Frederick "Karch" Kiraly (born November 3, 1960) is an American volleyball player, coach and broadcast announcer. [SEP] The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year .
1	A Short History of the World is a period-piece non-fictional historic work by H. G. Wells first published by Cassell & Co, Ltd Publishing in 1922. [SEP] Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
1	Niklas Zennström (born 16 February 1966) is a Swedish entrepreneur best known for founding several high-profile online ventures with Janus Friis including Skype and Kazaa. [SEP] -LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
1	Kiribati (; or; ), officially the Republic of Kiribati (Gilbertese: Ribaberiki Kiribati),[https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/kr.html Kiribati]. [SEP] The film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
1	The Generation Game is a British game show produced by the BBC in which four teams of two people from the same family, but different generations, competed to win prizes. [SEP] A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
1	Aurora is the Latin word for dawn, and the goddess of dawn in Roman mythology and Latin poetry. [SEP] Leigh makes these lives count .
1	St. Pauli (Sankt Pauli;), located in the Hamburg-Mitte borough, is one of the 105 quarters of the city of Hamburg, Germany. [SEP] And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
1	A prediction (Latin præ-, "before," and dicere, "to say"), or forecast, is a statement about an uncertain event. [SEP] A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
1	Eduard Buchner (20 May 1860 – 13 August 1917) was a German chemist and zymologist, awarded with the 1907 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work on fermentation. [SEP] Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
1	The Middle EastArabic: الشرق الأوسط, '; Armenian: Միջին Արևելք, Merdzavor Arevelk’; Azerbaijani: Orta Şərq; French: Moyen-Orient; Georgian: ახლო აღმოსავლეთი, akhlo aghmosavleti; Greek: Μέση Ανατολή, Mési Anatolí; Hebrew: המזרח התיכון, Ha'Mizrah Ha'Tihon; Kurdish: Rojhilata Navîn; Persian: خاورمیانه, khāvar-miyāneh; Somali: Bariga Dhexe; Soranî Kurdish: ڕۆژھەڵاتی ناوین, rrojhellatî nayn; Turkish: Orta Doğu; Urdu: مشرق وسطی, hashrq vsty (also called the Mid East) is a transcontinental region centered on Western Asia and Egypt. [SEP] What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
1	The lateral sulcus (also called Sylvian fissure or lateral fissure) is one of the most prominent structures of the human brain. [SEP] Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
1	Claudius Ptolemy (; , Klaúdios Ptolemaîos,; ; ) was a Greco-Egyptian writer, known as a mathematician, astronomer, geographer, astrologer, and poet of a single epigram in the Greek Anthology. [SEP] Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
1	Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat is a musical or operetta with lyrics by Tim Rice and music by Andrew Lloyd Webber. [SEP] Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
1	Peter Lewis Kingston "Pete" Wentz III (born June 5, 1979), is an American musician best known for being the bassist, primary lyricist and backing vocalist for the American rock band Fall Out Boy. [SEP] A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
1	Walpurgis Night is the English translation of ', one of the Dutch and German names for the night of 30 April, so called because it is the eve of the feast day of Saint Walpurga, an 8th-century abbess in Francia. [SEP] -LRB- It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
1	Christ Carrying the Cross on his way to his crucifixion is an episode included in all four Gospels, and a very common subject in art, especially in the fourteen Stations of the Cross, sets of which are now found in almost all Catholic churches. [SEP] An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .
1	The Chechen Republic (; ; , Noxçiyn Respublika), commonly referred to as Chechnya (; ; , Noxçiyçö), also spelled Chechnia or Chechenia, sometimes referred to as Ichkeria (lit land of minerals), is a federal subject (a republic) of Russia. [SEP] Nicole Kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
0	Henricus Antonius "Han" van Meegeren (; 10 October 1889 – 30 December 1947) was a Dutch painter and portraitist and is considered to be one of the most ingenious art forgers of the 20th century. [SEP] The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
1	.ac is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. [SEP] Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
1	Holly Hagan (born 7 July 1992) is an English television personality from Thornaby-on-Tees. [SEP] A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .
1	For earlier 1960-70s wrestler "The Professional" Doug Gilbert, see Doug Lindzy. [SEP] Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
1	Honeycomb structures are natural or man-made structures that have the geometry of a honeycomb to allow the minimization of the amount of used material to reach minimal weight and minimal material cost. [SEP] A well-put-together piece of urban satire .
1	Nassau County is a suburban county on Long Island in the U.S. state of New York. [SEP] It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .
1	Brundall Gardens railway station is on the Wherry Lines in the east of England, serving the western side of the village of Brundall, Norfolk. [SEP] It will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
1	Thomas George Thomas, 1st Viscount Tonypandy, PC (29 January 1909 – 22 September 1997) was a British Labour Party politician and Speaker of the House of Commons. [SEP] What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
1	Year 490 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. [SEP] What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .
1	Phaseolus coccineus, known as runner bean, scarlet runner bean, or multiflora bean, is a plant in the legume or Fabaceae family. [SEP] A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
1	In law, damages are an award, typically of money, to be paid to a person as compensation for loss or injury. [SEP] It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
1	"Go the Distance" is a song from Disney's 1997 animated feature film, Hercules. [SEP] It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
1	A plurality voting system is a voting system in which each voter is allowed to vote for only one candidate, and the candidate who polls more votes (plurality) than any other candidate is elected. [SEP] A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
1	The Barber of Seville, or The Futile Precaution () is an opera buffa in two acts by Gioachino Rossini with an Italian libretto by Cesare Sterbini. [SEP] The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
1	The Prime Minister of the Republic of Singapore (; , pinyin: Xīnjiāpō gònghéguó zǒnglǐ; , Ciṅkappūr kuṭiyaraciṉ piratamar) is the head of the government of the Republic of Singapore. [SEP] A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
0	The 2009 Cheltenham Gold Cup was a horse race which took place at Cheltenham on Friday March 13, 2009. [SEP] A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
1	The progression of the British football transfer fee record tracks the increases in the record for the highest transfer fee paid or received by British association football clubs. [SEP] What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
0	Jaffa Gate (, Sha'ar Yafo; , Bab al-Khalil, "Hebron Gate"; also Arabic, Bab Mihrab Dawud, "Gate of the Prayer Niche of David"; also David's Gate) is a stone portal in the historic walls of the Old City of Jerusalem. [SEP] The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
1	The Glyptothek is a museum in Munich, Germany, which was commissioned by the Bavarian King Ludwig I to house his collection of Greek and Roman sculptures (hence γλυπτο- glypto- "sculpture", from the Greek verb γλύφειν glyphein "to carve"). [SEP] The gags are often a stitch .
1	A first minister is the leader of a government cabinet, usually now used to refer to the political leader of a subnational entity, such as the devolved administrations of Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland, or of a dependent territory. [SEP] The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
1	Saludos Amigos (Greetings, Friends in English) is a 1942 animated feature package film produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures. [SEP] One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
1	Upstairs, Downstairs is a British television drama series originally produced by London Weekend Television (LWT) and revived by the BBC. [SEP] Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth seeing .
1	The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars (often shortened to Ziggy Stardust) is the fifth studio album by English musician David Bowie. [SEP] Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .
1	"Three Billy Goats Gruff" () is a Norwegian fairy tale. [SEP] ... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
1	The flag of Finland (, ), also called siniristilippu ("Blue Cross Flag"), dates from the beginning of the 20th century. [SEP] Much of The Lady and the Duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
1	Admiral of the Fleet Louis Francis Albert Victor Nicholas Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma, (born Prince Louis of Battenberg; 25 June 1900 – 27 August 1979), known informally as Lord Mountbatten, was a British statesman and naval officer, an uncle of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and second cousin once removed to Elizabeth II. [SEP] Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
1	"Ode to a Nightingale" is a poem by John Keats written either in the garden of the Spaniards Inn, Hampstead, London or, according to Keats' friend Charles Armitage Brown, under a plum tree in the garden of Keats' house at Wentworth Place, also in Hampstead. [SEP] With few respites , Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
1	Robert Frederick Zenon "Bob" Geldof, KBE (born 5 October 1951), is an Irish singer, songwriter, author, occasional actor, and political activist. [SEP] Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
1	Bishops Lydeard is a village and civil parish located in Somerset, England, 5 mi north-west of Taunton in the district of Taunton Deane. [SEP] Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
1	The expression "dog days" refers to the hot, sultry days of summer, originally in areas around the Mediterranean Sea, and as the expression fit, to other areas, especially in the Northern Hemisphere. [SEP] Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
1	The Bartered Bride (, The Sold Bride) is a comic opera in three acts by the Czech composer Bedřich Smetana, to a libretto by Karel Sabina. [SEP] Comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
1	The following is a detailed history of the Kansas City Chiefs, a professional American football franchise that began play in 1960 as the Dallas Texans. [SEP] A naturally funny film , Home Movie makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .
1	The Armed Forces Revolutionary Council (AFRC) was the government of Ghana from June 4, 1979 to September 24, 1979. [SEP] Pipe Dream does have its charms .
1	Musa × paradisiaca is the accepted name for the hybrid between Musa acuminata and Musa balbisiana. [SEP] The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
1	The Porsche Cayenne (Type 9PA) is a mid-size luxury crossover sport utility vehicle produced by the German manufacturer Porsche since 2002, with North American sales beginning in 2003. [SEP] Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .
1	During the 6th millennium BC, agriculture spread from the Balkans to Italy and Eastern Europe, and also from Mesopotamia to Egypt. [SEP] ... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
1	Jayne Mansfield (born Vera Jayne Palmer; April 19, 1933 – June 29, 1967) was an American actress in film, theatre, and television. [SEP] Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
1	Richard Clayderman (; born Philippe Pagès, 28 December 1953 in Paris) is a French pianist who has released numerous albums including the compositions of Paul de Senneville and Olivier Toussaint, instrumental renditions of popular music, rearrangements of movie soundtracks, ethnic music, and easy-listening arrangements of popular works of classical music. [SEP] Despite the film 's bizarre developments , Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
0	A scientific law is a statement based on repeated experimental observations that describes some aspects of the universe. [SEP] To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
1	A will-o'-the-wisp, will-o'-wisp, or ignis fatuus (; Medieval Latin: "foolish fire") is an atmospheric ghost light seen by travellers at night, especially over bogs, swamps or marshes. [SEP] Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
1	Free-to-air (FTA) are television (TV) and radio services broadcast in clear (unencrypted) form, allowing any person with the appropriate receiving equipment to receive the signal and view or listen to the content without requiring a subscription, other ongoing cost or one-off fee (e.g. [SEP] Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
1	Belleek Pottery Ltd is a porcelain company that began trading in 1884 as the Belleek Pottery Works Company Ltd in Belleek, County Fermanagh, in what was to become Northern Ireland. [SEP] The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .
1	A cabochon, from the Middle French word caboche (meaning "head"), is a gemstone which has been shaped and polished as opposed to faceted. [SEP] From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
1	Tootsie is a 1982 American comedy film that tells the story of a talented but volatile actor whose reputation for being difficult forces him to adopt a new identity as a woman to land a job. [SEP] Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
1	Canterbury () is a region of New Zealand, located in the central-eastern South Island. [SEP] The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
1	Theodore Laurent Custers (born 10 August 1950 in Genk) is a retired Belgian footballer who played as a goalkeeper. [SEP] Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
1	Władysław Eugeniusz Sikorski (; May 20, 1881 – July 4, 1943) was a Polish military and political leader. [SEP] This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
1	The Great Depression was a severe worldwide economic depression that took place during the 1930s. [SEP] Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai -LRB- of all places -RRB- served Jews who escaped the Holocaust .
1	A world war is a war involving many or most of the world's most powerful and populous countries. [SEP] In a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
1	, also known as Ningyō jōruri (), is a form of traditional Japanese puppet theatre, founded in Osaka in 1684. [SEP] The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
1	Aloo gobi (आलू गोभी in Hindi,) is a dry Bangladeshi, Pakistani, Indian and Nepali cuisine dish made with potatoes (aloo), cauliflower (gob(h)i) and Indian spices. [SEP] A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .
1	The Latin American Wars of Independence were the revolutions that took place during the late 18th and early 19th centuries and resulted in the creation of a number of independent countries in Latin America. [SEP] A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .
1	A political organization is any entity that is involved in the political process. [SEP] It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
1	Licence Renewed, first published in 1981, is the first novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent, James Bond. [SEP] Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
0	The Ranfurly Shield, colloquially known as the Log o' Wood, is a trophy in New Zealand's domestic rugby union competition. [SEP] For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
0	The Capture of Fort Ticonderoga occurred during the American Revolutionary War on May 10, 1775, when a small force of Green Mountain Boys led by Ethan Allen and Colonel Benedict Arnold overcame a small British garrison at the fort and looted the personal belongings of the garrison. [SEP] For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
1	β-Carotene is an organic, strongly colored red-orange pigment abundant in plants and fruits. [SEP] Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
1	Quezon City ( ; ; Spanish: Ciudad Quezón; also known as QC) is the most populous city in the Philippines. [SEP] A French film with a more down-home flavor .
1	Nice (,; Niçard , classical norm, or ', nonstandard,; ; ; ) is the fifth most populous city in France and the capital of the Alpes Maritimes département. [SEP] While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .
1	The picaresque novel (Spanish: "picaresca," from "pícaro," for "rogue" or "rascal") is a genre of prose fiction which depicts the adventures of a roguish hero of low social class who lives by his wits in a corrupt society. [SEP] Fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
1	Earth mass (, where ⊕ is the standard astronomical symbol for planet Earth) is the unit of mass equal to that of Earth. [SEP] As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
1	Christopher "Chris" Anthony John Martin (born 2 March 1977) is an English singer, songwriter, record producer and co-founder of the British alternative rock band Coldplay. [SEP] Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .
1	Gillian MacLaren Jacobs (; born October 19, 1982) is an American actress. [SEP] The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
1	Religious art or sacred art is artistic imagery using religious inspiration and motifs and is often intended to uplift the mind to the spiritual. [SEP] The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
1	A drinking establishment is a business whose primary function is the serving of alcoholic beverages for consumption on the premises. [SEP] It trusts the story it sets out to tell .
1	Ad astra is a Latin phrase meaning "to the stars". [SEP] I could n't recommend this film more .
1	Japanese war crimes occurred in many Asian and Pacific countries during the period of Japanese militarism, primarily during the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II. [SEP] As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
1	In his 2008 What is America? [SEP] An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
1	Presidential elections took place in France on 23 April and 7 May 1995, to elect the fifth president of the Fifth Republic. [SEP] Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
1	A biplane is a fixed-wing aircraft with two main wings stacked one above the other. [SEP] ... an interesting slice of history .
1	Winston Churchill (November 10, 1871 – March 12, 1947) was an American novelist and was one of the best selling novelists of the early 20th century. [SEP] Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story .
1	"Yakety Sax" is a pop-jazz instrumental whose music was jointly composed by James Q. [SEP] Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
1	Billy Elliot is a 2000 British dance drama film about a boy becoming a professional ballet dancer, set in north-eastern England during the 1984–85 coal miners' strike. [SEP] It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
1	Horatio Nelson, 1st Viscount Nelson, 1st Duke of Bronté (29 September 1758 – 21 October 1805) was a British flag officer in the Royal Navy. [SEP] What 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
1	Originally, the name Rus’ (Русь, Rus) referred to the people, regions, and medieval states (ninth to twelfth centuries) of the Kievan Rus'. [SEP] Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results .
1	Frasier is an American sitcom that was broadcast on NBC for eleven seasons, premiering on September 16, 1993, and concluding on May 13, 2004. [SEP] Wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
1	The kroon (sign: kr; code: EEK) was the official currency of Estonia for two periods in history: 1928–1940 and 1992–2011. [SEP] A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
1	William I, Count of Hainaut ( – 7 June 1337), was Count William III of Avesnes, Count William III of Holland and Count William II of Zeeland from 1304 to his death. [SEP] An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
1	Jesus Jones are a British alternative rock band from Bradford-on-Avon in Wiltshire, formed in late 1988, recorded and performed in the late 1980s into the 2000s. [SEP] Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
1	Perkin Warbeck (c. 1474 – 23 November 1499) was a pretender to the English throne. [SEP] Angel presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
1	Berthold Konrad Hermann Albert Speer (; March 19, 1905 – September 1, 1981) was a German architect who was, for most of World War II, Minister of Armaments and War Production for Nazi Germany. [SEP] Who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?
1	A lever ( or) is a machine consisting of a beam or rigid rod pivoted at a fixed hinge, or fulcrum. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .
1	Richard Davies (25 January 1926 – 8 October 2015) was a Welsh character actor. [SEP] Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
1	Branxton is a village and civil parish in northern Northumberland, England. [SEP] Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .
1	A graduated cylinder, measuring cylinder or mixing cylinder is a common piece of laboratory equipment used to measure the volume of a liquid. [SEP] An excellent sequel .
1	Halcyon is a genus of the tree kingfishers, near passerine birds in the subfamily Halcyoninae. [SEP] Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
1	The term redneck is a derogatory term chiefly used for a rural poor white person of the Southern United States. [SEP] A surprisingly funny movie .
1	Samuel Roy "Sammy" Hagar (born October 13, 1947),Monterey County, Records Department at the Mingo County Courthouse, Birth certificate also known as The Red Rocker, is an American rock vocalist, guitarist, songwriter, musician and entrepreneur. [SEP] This new movie version of the Alexandre Dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
1	Gin Lemon is the second EP by Italian DJ Gigi D'Agostino. [SEP] Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
1	ProteaSunset Western Garden Book, 1995:606–607 is both the botanical name and the English common name of a genus of South African flowering plants, sometimes also called sugarbushes (Afrikaans: suikerbos). [SEP] If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
1	Kerala, historically known as Keralam, is an Indian state in South India on the Malabar coast. [SEP] ... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
1	A kufi or kufi cap is a brimless, short, and rounded cap worn by men in many populations in North Africa, East Africa, Western Africa and Asia. [SEP] -LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .
0	The River Itchen (previously also known as the River Alre) is a river in Hampshire, England. [SEP] Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .
1	, the capital city of Nagano Prefecture, is located in the northern part of the prefecture near the confluence of the Chikuma and the Sai rivers, on the main Japanese island of Honshū. [SEP] A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
1	This is a list of awards that are, or have been, given out to writers of poetry, either for a specific poem, collection of poems, or body of work. [SEP] Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
1	Dr. John "Jack" Edward Lovelock, MB ChB, (5 January 1910 – 28 December 1949) was a New Zealand athlete, and the 1936 Olympic champion in the 1500 metres. [SEP] I 'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .
1	Owen Cunningham Wilson (born November 18, 1968) is an American actor, comedian, writer, producer, voice-over artist, and screenwriter. [SEP] More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
1	Pernell Whitaker (born January 2, 1964) is an American former professional boxer and current boxing trainer. [SEP] The movie is ingenious fun .
1	"Roses Are Red (My Love)" is a popular song composed by Al Byron and Paul Evans. [SEP] See it .
1	The Alþingi (anglicised as ' or ') is the national parliament (literally: "[the] all-thing", or general assembly) of Iceland. [SEP] The script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
1	Anisette, or Anis, is an anise-flavored liqueur that is consumed in most Mediterranean countries, mainly in Spain, Italy, Portugal, Turkey, Greece, Cyprus, and France. [SEP] An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
1	The lymphatic system is part of the circulatory system and a vital part of the immune system, comprising a network of lymphatic vessels that carry a clear fluid called lymph (from Latin, lympha meaning water ) directionally towards the heart. [SEP] Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
1	Canal Livre was a popular news program in Brazil. [SEP] Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .
1	Sven-Göran Eriksson (; born 5 February 1948), commonly referred to just by his nickname "Svennis" in Sweden, is a Swedish football manager and former player. [SEP] This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
1	Louis Ferdinand Alfred Maury (March 23, 1817 – February 11, 1892), was a French scholar and physician, important because his ideas about the interpretation of dreams and the effect of external stimuli on dreams pre-dated those of Sigmund Freud. [SEP] This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
1	The terms Old Boys and Old Girls are the usual expressions in use in the United Kingdom for former pupils of primary and secondary schools. [SEP] Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
1	Shepperton Studios is a film studio located in Shepperton, Surrey, England with a history dating back to 1931. [SEP] A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
1	A national symbol is a symbol of any entity considering itself and manifesting itself to the world as a national community: the sovereign states but also nations and countries in a state of colonial or other dependence, (con)federal integration, or even an ethnocultural community considered a 'nationality' despite having no political autonomy. [SEP] It gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
1	"It Wasn't Me" is the first single from Jamaican-American reggae artist Shaggy's multi-platinum studio album Hot Shot (2000). [SEP] The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
1	Cinderella Castle is the fairy tale castle at the center of two Disney theme parks: the Magic Kingdom at the Walt Disney World Resort, and Tokyo Disneyland at the Tokyo Disney Resort. [SEP] The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
1	Vito Andolini Corleone is a fictional character in Mario Puzo's novel The Godfather and in Francis Ford Coppola's film series based on the novel, where he was portrayed by Marlon Brando in The Godfather and, as a young man, by Robert De Niro in The Godfather Part II. [SEP] Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .
1	"Piece of Me" is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her fifth studio album, Blackout (2007). [SEP] A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
1	Aleksandr Mikhaylovich Vasilevsky (, , Vichuga – December 5, 1977) was a Russian career officer in the Red Army who was promoted to the rank of Marshal of the Soviet Union in 1943. [SEP] The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
1	The Academy Awards, or "Oscars", is an annual American awards ceremony hosted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to recognize excellence in cinematic achievements in the United States film industry as assessed by the Academy's voting membership. [SEP] The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
0	Gerald "Gerry" Lester (27 December 1915 – 26 January 1998) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Leicestershire. [SEP] They just do n't work in concert .
1	The Puget Sound region is a coastal area of the Pacific Northwest in the U.S. state of Washington, including Puget Sound, the Puget Sound lowlands, and the surrounding region roughly west of the Cascade Range and east of the Olympic Mountains. [SEP] For those in search of something different , Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
1	An acronym is a word or name formed as an abbreviation from the initial components in a phrase or a word, usually individual letters (as in NATO or laser) and sometimes syllables (as in Benelux). [SEP] A lovely film for the holiday season .
1	The Beatles appeared in five motion pictures, most of which were very well received. [SEP] A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
1	Span is the distance between two intermediate supports for a structure, e.g. [SEP] It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .
1	A Most Wanted Man is a 2014 British espionage thriller film based on the novel of the same name by John le Carré, directed by Anton Corbijn and written by Andrew Bovell. [SEP] At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
1	Nadezhda Filaretovna von Meck (; - 13 January 1894) was a Russian business woman who became an influential patron of the arts, especially music. [SEP] The performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
1	Patrick Kevin Francis Michael "Pat" Nevin (born 6 September 1963 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a retired Scottish footballer. [SEP] Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
1	Clan MacDonell of Glengarry is a Scottish clan and is a branch of the larger Clan Donald. [SEP] This rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
1	It is through the aromas of wine that wine is tasted. [SEP] Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
1	Henry Kenneth Alfred "Ken" Russell (3 July 1927 – 27 November 2011 ) was an English film director, known for his pioneering work in television and film and for his flamboyant and controversial style. [SEP] A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
1	Marlborough School is a private college-preparatory secondary school for grades 7 through 12 located at 250 South Rossmore Avenue in the Hancock Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. [SEP] Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
1	The White Cliffs of Dover is a 1944 film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, directed by Clarence Brown and produced by Clarence Brown and Sidney Franklin. [SEP] The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
1	Maisie Raine is a British crime drama series originally broadcast on BBC One. [SEP] Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
1	Colchis (; Kolkheti; Greek Kolkhis) was an ancient kingdom and region on the coast of the Black Sea, centered in present-day western Georgia. [SEP] A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
1	"Together" is a 1928 popular song with music by Ray Henderson and lyrics by Buddy G. DeSylva and Lew Brown. [SEP] The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade .
1	The Icesave dispute was a diplomatic dispute that began after the privately owned Icelandic bank Landsbanki was placed in receivership on 7 October 2008. [SEP] And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
1	Yellow Submarine is a 1968 British animated musical fantasy comedy film inspired by the music of the Beatles, directed by animation producer George Dunning, and produced by United Artists and King Features Syndicate. [SEP] Like Edward Norton in American History X , Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .
1	In most common law jurisdictions, the attorney general or attorney-general (pluralized as attorneys general or attorneys-general, as "general" is a postpositive adjective) is the main legal advisor to the government, and in some jurisdictions they may also have executive responsibility for law enforcement, prosecutions or even responsibility for legal affairs generally. [SEP] This is a very funny , heartwarming film .
1	The people of Northern Ireland are all people born in Northern Ireland and having, at the time of their birth, at least one parent who is a British citizen, an Irish citizen or is otherwise entitled to reside in Northern Ireland without any restriction on their period of residence,The Good Friday Agreement guarantees the "recognition of the birthright of all the people of Northern Ireland to identify themselves and be accepted as Irish or British, or both, as they may so choose." [SEP] It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
1	Sodom is a German thrash metal band from Gelsenkirchen, formed in 1981. [SEP] Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
1	Fish stock forms the basis of many dishes, particularly fish soups and sauces. [SEP] The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
1	Ben Taylor (born January 22, 1977) is a musician and actor. [SEP] A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
1	Jack Leon Ruby (born Jacob Leonard Rubenstein; March 25, 1911 – January 3, 1967) was a nightclub operator in Dallas, Texas. [SEP] There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .
1	The 2002 Challenge Cup was the 101st staging of rugby league's oldest knockout competition, the Challenge Cup. [SEP] Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
1	This is the list of Scottish clans with and without chiefs. [SEP] A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
1	Scream 4 (stylized as SCRE4M) is a 2011 American slasher film and the fourth and final installment in the Scream series. [SEP] An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
1	Not to be confused with Noah Glass (Olo Online Ordering) [SEP] Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
1	is a district of Chūō, Tokyo, located south of Yaesu and Kyōbashi, west of Tsukiji, east of Yūrakuchō and Uchisaiwaichō, and north of Shinbashi. [SEP] It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
1	The Prelude or, Growth of a Poet's Mind; An Autobiographical Poem is an autobiographical poem in blank verse by the English poet William Wordsworth. [SEP] Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
1	The corset has been an important article of clothing for several centuries, evolving as fashion trends have changed. [SEP] Noyce has worked wonders with the material .
1	Terry Ann "Teri" Garr (born December 11, 1947) is an American actress, comedian, dancer, and voice artist. [SEP] It 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
1	Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man is a novel by Siegfried Sassoon, first published in 1928 by Faber and Faber. [SEP] And the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
1	The Republican Party, commonly referred to as the GOP (abbreviation for Grand Old Party), is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States, the other being its historic rival, the Democratic Party. [SEP] The Chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
1	The 2013 MTV Video Music Awards were held on August 25, 2013 at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. [SEP] A very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .
1	What's Wrong with This Picture? [SEP] There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .
1	Simon John Charles Le Bon (born 27 October 1958) is an English musician, best known as the lead singer, lyricist and musician of the band Duran Duran and its offshoot, Arcadia. [SEP] Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
1	Hoplites were citizen-soldiers of Ancient Greek city-states who were primarily armed with spears and shields. [SEP] A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
1	The State of the Union address is a speech presented by the President of the United States to a joint session of the United States Congress, typically delivered annually. [SEP] Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .
1	Luciano Suriani (born 11 January 1957) is a Catholic archbishop and Delegate for the Pontifical Representations. [SEP] Payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
1	A freshwater aquarium is a receptacle that holds one or more freshwater aquatic organisms for decorative, pet-keeping, or research purposes. [SEP] Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
1	The Mongolian People's Republic () was a socialist state in Central Asia which existed between 1924 and 1992. [SEP] The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
1	Ursula Southeil (c. 1488–1561) (also variously spelt as Ursula Southill, Ursula Soothtell or Ursula Sontheil ), better known as Mother Shipton, is said to have been an English soothsayer, prophetess, and prostitute. [SEP] Now as a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
1	Green goddess is a salad dressing, typically containing mayonnaise, sour cream, chervil, chives, anchovy, tarragon, lemon juice, and pepper. [SEP] Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
1	Alison Steadman, OBE (born 26 August 1946) is an English actress. [SEP] The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
1	The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care written by Benjamin Spock, is a manual on infant and child care first published in 1946. [SEP] This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
1	Did you know... [SEP] A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
1	The 2009 Tour de France was the 96th edition of the Tour de France, one of cycling's Grand Tours. [SEP] A weird and wonderful comedy .
1	Peaches Honeyblossom Geldof-Cohen (13 March 1989 – 6 or 7 April 2014) was an English writer, television personality, and model. [SEP] The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
1	The Frozen Deep is an 1856 play, originally staged as an amateur theatrical, written by Wilkie Collins under the substantial guidance of Charles Dickens. [SEP] Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
1	Woodcut is a relief printing technique in printmaking. [SEP] A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
1	The list of Paris fountains, existing and destroyed, is arranged by arrondissement below. [SEP] LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
0	And Another Thing... is the sixth installment of Douglas Adams' The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy "trilogy". [SEP] In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
1	A supreme court is the highest court within the hierarchy of many legal jurisdictions. [SEP] But they fascinate in their recklessness .
1	Sky Living is television brand and channel owned by Sky plc available in the United Kingdom and Ireland. [SEP] Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .
1	Oh! [SEP] A beautiful , entertaining two hours .
1	Alpha (uppercase Α, lowercase α; Álpha) is the first letter of the Greek alphabet. [SEP] A wonderful , ghastly film .
1	Roker (,) is a tourist resort and affluent area of Sunderland, North East England, bounded on the south by the River Wear and Monkwearmouth, on the east by the North Sea, to the west by Fulwell and on the north by Seaburn. [SEP] Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
1	Barsetshire is a fictional English county created by Anthony Trollope in the series of novels known as the Chronicles of Barsetshire. [SEP] Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
1	--> [SEP] Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
1	The Tula were a Native American tribe that lived in what is now western Arkansas.Sturtevant, 617 [SEP] He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
1	HMS Vengeance (R71) was a light aircraft carrier built for the Royal Navy during World War II. [SEP] It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
1	The Seven Champions of Christendom is a moniker referring to St. George, St. Andrew, St. Patrick, St. Denis, St. James Boanerges, St. Anthony the Lesser, and St. David. [SEP] Hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
1	An order is a visible honour awarded by a sovereign state, monarch, dynastic royal house or organisation to a recipient, typically in recognition of individual merit. [SEP] Uneven but a lot of fun .
1	The dual monarchy of England and France existed during the latter phase of the Hundred Years' War when Charles VII of France and Henry VI of England disputed the succession to the throne of France. [SEP] I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
1	She-Ra: Princess of Power is an American animated television series produced in 1985 by Filmation. [SEP] The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
1	Jennifer Ann Seagrove (born 4 July 1957) is an English actress. [SEP] Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .
1	Ballspielverein Borussia 09 e.V. [SEP] Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
1	Robert "Bobby" James Ewing is a fictional character in the long-running soap opera, Dallas and its 2012 revival. [SEP] Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France .
1	Sir Sidney George Holland (18 October 1893 – 5 August 1961) was the 25th Prime Minister of New Zealand from 13 December 1949 to 20 September 1957. [SEP] This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .
1	Paignton is a seaside town on the coast of Tor Bay in Devon, England. [SEP] The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
1	The tuba ( or; ) is the largest and lowest-pitched musical instrument in the brass family. [SEP] Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .
1	Kisses on the Bottom is the fifteenth post-Beatles (discounting his Wings-era discography, his orchestral works and his output as the Fireman) studio album by Paul McCartney, consisting primarily of covers of traditional pop music and jazz. [SEP] The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
1	Manufacturing is the production of merchandise for use or sale using labour and machines, tools, chemical and biological processing, or formulation. [SEP] Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
1	The Eucharist (also called Holy Communion, the Lord's Supper, and other names) is a Christian rite that is considered a sacrament in most churches. [SEP] It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
1	South West France, or in French Sud-Ouest, is a wine region in France covering several wine-producing areas situated respectively inland from, and south of, the wine region of Bordeaux. [SEP] A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
1	A title is a prefix or suffix added to someone's name in certain contexts. [SEP] It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
1	The Border Leicester is a breed of sheep originating in England and raised primarily for meat. [SEP] Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
1	The Cornish Nationalist Party (CNP), , is a political party, founded by Dr James Whetter, who campaigned for independence for Cornwall. [SEP] A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .
1	The Lever Brothers Factory in the Sydney, Australia suburb of Balmain was a soap factory which operated from 1895 until 1988. [SEP] Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
1	Lillie is a British television serial made by London Weekend Television for ITV and broadcast in 1978. [SEP] This is pure , exciting moviemaking .
1	The 2014–15 season was the 135th season of competitive association football in England. [SEP] Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
1	The Brazil national football team () represents Brazil in international men's association football. [SEP] Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
1	Mawlid ( mawlidu n-nabiyyi, "Birth of the Prophet", sometimes simply called in colloquial Arabic mawlid, mevlid, mevlit, mulud among other vernacular pronunciations; sometimes mīlād) is the observance of the birthday of the Islamic prophet Muhammad which is celebrated often on the 12th day of Rabi' al-awwal, the third month in the Islamic calendar. [SEP] The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
1	Polymorphism in biology and zoology is the occurrence of two or more clearly different morphs or forms, also referred to as alternative phenotypes, in the population of a species. [SEP] Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
1	China's socialist market economy is the world's second largest economy by nominal GDP, and the world's largest economy by purchasing power parity according to the IMF, although China's National Bureau of Statistics rejects this claim. [SEP] The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
1	The square mile (abbreviated as sq mi and sometimes as mi2) is an imperial and US unit of measure for an area equal to the area of a square of one statute mile. [SEP] It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
1	Harold Frederick Shipman (14 January 1946 – 13 January 2004) was a British GP and one of the most prolific serial killers in recorded history. [SEP] Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema .
1	The United Grand Lodge of England (UGLE) is the governing body for the majority of freemasons within England and Wales with lodges in other, predominantly ex-British Empire and Commonwealth countries outside the United Kingdom. [SEP] The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
1	Roses Are Red is the sixth novel featuring the Washington, D.C. homicide detective and forensic psychiatrist Alex Cross written by James Patterson. [SEP] Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
1	The Golden Nymphs are the prizes awarded to the winners of the Official Competition of the Festival de Télévision de Monte-Carlo, or Monte-Carlo Television Festival. [SEP] Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
1	Mouthwash, mouth rinse, oral rinse or mouth bath, is a liquid which is held in the mouth passively or swilled around the mouth by contraction of the perioral muscles and/or movement of the head, and may be gargled, where the head is tilted back and the liquid bubbled at the back of the mouth. [SEP] Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
1	Classic & Sports Car is a British monthly magazine based in Twickenham, London, and published by Haymarket Media Group. [SEP] It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
1	Christine is a horror novel written by Stephen King, published in 1983. [SEP] Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
1	The graphical control element address bar (also location bar or URL bar) shows the current URL and accepts a typed URL that navigates the user to a chosen website in a web browser. [SEP] Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
1	A miniseries (also mini-series) is a television program that tells a story in a predetermined, limited number of episodes. [SEP] A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
1	A Member of the European Parliament (MEP) is a person who has been elected to serve as a popular representative in the European Parliament. [SEP] Sparse but oddly compelling .
1	Priscilla, Queen of the Desert is a musical with a book by Australian film director-writer Stephan Elliott and Allan Scott, using well-known pop songs as its score. [SEP] A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
1	"The Snow Queen" () is an original fairy tale written by Hans Christian Andersen (1805–1875). [SEP] A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
1	King Louie is a fictional character in Walt Disney's 1967 animated musical film, The Jungle Book. [SEP] Argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
1	The 2011 British Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on 10 July 2011 at the Silverstone Circuit in Northamptonshire and Buckinghamshire, England, and won by Fernando Alonso. [SEP] With so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
1	#redirect List of Saved by the Bell characters#A.C. [SEP] Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
1	Michael Fred Phelps II (born June 30, 1985) is an American competition swimmer and the most decorated Olympian of all time, with a total of 22 medals in three Olympiads. [SEP] Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
0	Scott Raymond Adams (born June 8, 1957) is an American cartoonist, creator of the Dilbert comic strip and the author of several nonfiction works of satire, commentary, business, and general speculation. [SEP] That 's its first sign of trouble .
1	A digraph or digram (from the dís, "double" and γράφω gráphō, "to write") is a pair of characters used in the orthography of a language to write either a single phoneme (distinct sound), or a sequence of phonemes that does not correspond to the normal values of the two characters combined. [SEP] A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .
1	Cuisses are a form of medieval armour worn to protect the thigh. [SEP] Be patient with the lovely Hush !
1	Potassium bitartrate, also known as potassium hydrogen tartrate, with formula KC4H5O6, is a byproduct of winemaking. [SEP] and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
1	Prairie dogs (genus Cynomys) are herbivorous burrowing rodents native to the grasslands of North America. [SEP] The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
1	Turgesius (died 845) (also called Turgeis, Tuirgeis, Turges, and Thorgest) was a Viking chief active in Ireland during the 9th-century. [SEP] Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
1	The Chile national football team (Selección de fútbol de Chile) represents Chile in all major international football competitions and is controlled by the Federación de Fútbol de Chile which was established in 1895. [SEP] The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
1	The Power of Movement in Plants is a book by Charles Darwin on phototropism and other types of movement in plants. [SEP] Unlike most surf movies , Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
1	Downside School is a co-educational Catholic independent school for children aged 11 to 18, located in Stratton-on-the-Fosse, between Westfield and Shepton Mallet in Somerset, south west England, attached to Downside Abbey. [SEP] By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
1	The discus throw () is a track and field event in which an athlete throws a heavy disc—called a discus—in an attempt to mark a farther distance than their competitors. [SEP] The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
1	Jura ( ; ) is an island in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland, adjacent and to the north-east of Islay. [SEP] Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
1	The National Trust of Australia, officially the Australian Council of National Trusts (ACNT), is the Australian national peak body for community-based, non-government organisations committed to promoting and conserving Australia's indigenous, natural and historic heritage. [SEP] Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
1	(/ˈɡeɪʃə/; Japanese: [ɡeːɕa]), , or are traditional Japanese female entertainers who act as hostesses and whose skills include performing various arts such as classical music, dance, games and conversation, mainly to entertain male customers. [SEP] Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' .
1	Snake River Canyon is a large canyon formed by the Snake River in the Magic Valley region of southern Idaho, forming part of the boundary between Twin Falls County to the south and Jerome County to the north. [SEP] Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
1	Toothache, also known as dental pain,Segen JC. [SEP] The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
0	Ulster County is a county located in the U.S. state of New York. [SEP] But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
1	Arnhem or ( or; , , South Guelderish: Èrnem) is a city and municipality, situated in the eastern part of the Netherlands. [SEP] The all-French cast is marveilleux .
1	Jurassic Park is an American media franchise centering on a disastrous attempt to create a theme park of cloned dinosaurs. [SEP] There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .
1	Whisky a Go Go is a nightclub in West Hollywood, California. [SEP] A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...
1	The Life and Adventures of Martin Chuzzlewit (commonly known as Martin Chuzzlewit) is a novel by Charles Dickens, considered the last of his picaresque novels. [SEP] Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .
1	Jessica Sophia "Jess" Wright (born 16 September 1985) is model, singer, entrepreneur and reality star. [SEP] Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
1	The Java Sea () is a large (320,000-km²) shallow sea on the Sunda Shelf formed as sea levels rose at the end of the last ice age. [SEP] The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
1	Paula Jon Dobriansky (born September 14, 1955) is an American foreign policy expert who has served in key roles as a diplomat and policy maker in the administrations of five U.S. presidents, both Democrat and Republican. [SEP] Nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
1	Kaupthing Bank (;) was a major international Icelandic bank, headquartered in Reykjavík, Iceland. [SEP] A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
1	Waikiki Beach is a beach at Cape Disappointment, Washington.In the terminology of the game of cricket, a beamer (less commonly beam ball) is a type of delivery in which the ball (bowled at a fast pace), without bouncing, passes above the batsman's waist height. [SEP] It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
1	Little Willie was a prototype in the development of the British Mark I tank. [SEP] ... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
1	Myspace.com (originally stylized as MySpace) is a social networking website offering an interactive, user-submitted network of friends, personal profiles, blogs, groups, photos, music, and videos. [SEP] The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
1	In human anatomy, the clavicle or collarbone is a long bone that serves as a strut between the shoulder blade and the sternum or breastbone. [SEP] Two Weeks Notice has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
1	The Cathedral of Saint Mary of Burgos () is a Catholic church dedicated to the Virgin Mary located in the Spanish city of Burgos. [SEP] The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
1	Ludwig van Beethoven's Piano Sonata No. [SEP] If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
1	The right to keep and bear arms (often referred to as the right to bear arms or to have arms) is the people's right to possess arms for their own defense, as described in the philosophical and political writings of Aristotle, Cicero, John Locke, Machiavelli, the English Whigs and others. [SEP] A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich .
1	Snake River Canyon is a large canyon formed by the Snake River in the Magic Valley region of southern Idaho, forming part of the boundary between Twin Falls County to the south and Jerome County to the north. [SEP] Schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
1	Single skating is a discipline of figure skating in which male and female skaters compete individually. [SEP] A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
1	The Coca-Cola Company, which is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, is an American multinational beverage corporation, and manufacturer, retailer, and marketer of nonalcoholic beverage concentrates and syrups. [SEP] The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
1	The 2010 ICC World Twenty20 was the third ICC World Twenty20 competition, an international Twenty20 cricket tournament that was held in the West Indies between 30 April and 16 May 2010. [SEP] A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
1	A combat vehicle, also known as a ground combat vehicle, is a self-propelled, weaponized military vehicle used for combat operations. [SEP] In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
1	The following is a list of largest mammals by family. [SEP] An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
1	Christine Jorgensen (May 30, 1926 – May 3, 1989) was an American trans woman who was the first person to become widely known in the United States for having sex reassignment surgery. [SEP] It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
1	Dame Agatha Mary Clarissa Christie, Lady Mallowan, DBE (née Miller; 15 September 1890 – 12 January 1976) was an English crime novelist, short story writer and playwright. [SEP] The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
1	A stylus, plural styli or styluses, is a writing utensil, or a small tool for some other form of marking or shaping, for example in pottery. [SEP] This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
1	Landgrave (Dutch landgraaf, German Landgraf; Swedish lantgreve, French landgrave; Latin comes magnus, comes patriae, comes provinciae, comes terrae, comes principalis, lantgravius) was a noble title used in the Holy Roman Empire, and later on in its former territories. [SEP] It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
1	A unicycle is a vehicle that touches the ground with only one wheel. [SEP] A moving and important film .
1	Bridget of Sweden (1303 – 23 July 1373); born as Birgitta Birgersdotter, also Birgitta of Vadstena, or Saint Birgitta (), was a mystic and saint, and founder of the Bridgettines nuns and monks after the death of her husband of twenty years. [SEP] Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
1	Al Jolson (born Asa Yoelson; May 26, 1886 – October 23, 1950) was an American singer, film actor, and comedian. [SEP] Famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
1	A computer monitor or a computer display is an electronic visual display for computers. [SEP] Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
1	Benjamin Earl King (September 28, 1938 – April 30, 2015), known as Ben E. King, was an American soul and R&B singer and record producer. [SEP] Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
1	Big River: The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a musical with a book by William Hauptman and music and lyrics by Roger Miller. [SEP] a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
1	An elective monarchy is a monarchy ruled by an elected monarch, in contrast to a hereditary monarchy in which the office is automatically passed down as a family inheritance. [SEP] A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
1	The Gateway Arch is a 630 ft monument in St. Louis in the U.S. state of Missouri. [SEP] Even though many of these guys are less than adorable -LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie .
1	The Muses (, Moũsai; perhaps from the o-grade of the Proto-Indo-European root *men- "think" ) in Greek mythology are the inspirational goddesses of literature, science, and the arts. [SEP] A tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
1	Patrick Bartholomew "Bertie" Ahern (born 12 September 1951) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician who served as Taoiseach of Ireland from 26 June 1997 to 7 May 2008. [SEP] It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
1	Mary Nell Steenburgen (born February 8, 1953) is an American actress. [SEP] When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .
1	Swiss cheese is a generic name in North America for several related varieties of cheese, mainly of North American manufacture, which resemble Emmental cheese, a yellow, medium-hard cheese that originated in the area around Emmental, in Switzerland. [SEP] Maryam is more timely now than ever .
1	The Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood () is one of the main sights of St. Petersburg, Russia. [SEP] An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
1	The tench or doctor fish (Tinca tinca) is a fresh- and brackish-water fish of the cyprinid family found throughout Eurasia from Western Europe including the British Isles east into Asia as far as the Ob and Yenisei Rivers. [SEP] Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
1	Aristide Bruant (6 May 1851 – ) was a French cabaret singer, comedian, and nightclub owner. [SEP] What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
1	Stirling (; ; ) is a city in central Scotland. [SEP] This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
1	Kyle Merritt MacLachlan (; born February 22, 1959) is an American actor. [SEP] The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
1	A troopship (also troop ship or troop transport or trooper) is a ship used to carry soldiers, either in peacetime or wartime. [SEP] A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
1	A mantilla is a lace or silk veil or shawl worn over the head and shoulders, often over a high comb called a peineta, popular with women in Spain. [SEP] Sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
1	A check mark, checkmark or tick is a mark (✓, ✔, etc.) [SEP] `` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
1	Uncas (15881683) was a sachem of the Mohegan who through his alliance with the English colonists in New England against other Indian tribes made the Mohegan the leading regional Indian tribe in lower Connecticut. [SEP] Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
1	The Red River (Chinese: t , s , p '; ), also known as the ' and ' (lit. [SEP] Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
1	Charing Cross (sometimes informally abbreviated as Charing X) is a London Underground station at Charing Cross in the City of Westminster with entrances located in Trafalgar Square and The Strand. [SEP] Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
1	Belinda Jo Carlisle (born August 17, 1958) is an American singer who gained worldwide fame as the lead vocalist of The Go-Go's, one of the most successful all-female bands of all time. [SEP] Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was .
1	A kanal is a unit of area used in parts of northern Pakistan and in India. [SEP] It 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
1	Brigadoon is a musical with a book and lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner and music by Frederick Loewe. [SEP] Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
1	A bob cut or bob is a short haircut for women (and occasionally men) in which the hair is typically cut straight around the head at about jaw-level, often with a fringe (or "bangs") at the front. [SEP] I simply ca n't recommend it enough .
1	A religious war or holy war () is a war primarily caused or justified by differences in religion. [SEP] Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
1	Crosby, Stills & Nash is the first album by Crosby, Stills & Nash, released in 1969 on the Atlantic Records label. [SEP] We want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
1	Luxury You Can Afford is the seventh studio album by Joe Cocker, released in 1978 on Asylum Records, his only release for that label. [SEP] Wow , so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
0	Branded Man is the fourth studio album by Merle Haggard. [SEP] Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .
1	Tabitha Babbitt (1779 – about 1853) was an early American and Shaker tool maker and inventor, including inventions for the circular saw, spinning wheel head and false teeth. [SEP] The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
1	Darius I (Old Persian: Dārayava(h)uš, c. 550–486 BCE) was the third king of the Persian Achaemenid Empire. [SEP] A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
0	Many longitudes or meridian pass through the countries and each has its own local time. [SEP] Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
1	Connie Stevens (born August 8, 1938) is an American actress, director, screenwriter and singer, best known for her role in the television series Hawaiian Eye and other TV and film work. [SEP] Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
1	Tidal (stylized as TIDAL, also known as TIDALHiFi) is a subscription-based music streaming service that combines lossless audio and high definition music videos with curated editorial. [SEP] A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
1	A theodolite is a precision instrument for measuring angles in the horizontal and vertical planes. [SEP] The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
1	Relations between India and Pakistan have been complex due to a number of historical and political events. [SEP] Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
1	Tetris (, pronounced) is a tile-matching puzzle video game, originally designed and programmed by Russian game designer Alexey Pajitnov. [SEP] A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic .
1	Joe Byrne (1856 – 28 June 1880) was an Australian bushranger born in Victoria to an Irish immigrant. [SEP] Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
1	Gerard James Butler (born 13 November 1969) is a Scottish actor who has appeared on film, stage, and television. [SEP] A B-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
1	Charles Richard "Ricky" Wilson (born 17 January 1978) is an English singer-songwriter. [SEP] Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
1	This article describes a parasitic fungi group. [SEP] Director Todd Solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
1	Camouflage is the use of any combination of materials, coloration, or illumination for concealment, either by making animals or objects hard to see (crypsis), or by disguising them as something else (mimesis). [SEP] The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .
1	"After shave" is a liquid product applied to skin after shaving. [SEP] A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
1	A bolo (, , Hiligaynon: binangon) is a large cutting tool of Filipino origin similar to the machete. [SEP] Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
1	A lipoprotein is a biochemical assembly that contains both proteins and lipids (transported within the protein outer shell) which allow fats to move through water outside cells. [SEP] Really is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
1	The Championships, Wimbledon, commonly known simply as Wimbledon, is the oldest tennis tournament in the world, and is widely considered the most prestigious. [SEP] An overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
1	North Devon is a local government district in Devon, England. [SEP] Peppering this urban study with references to Norwegian folktales , Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
1	In Greek mythology, Argo (; in Greek: Ἀργώ, meaning 'swift') was the ship on which Jason and the Argonauts sailed from Iolcos to Colchis to retrieve the Golden Fleece. [SEP] Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .
1	The Latin phrase civis romanus sum (cīvis rōmānus sum) (, I am a Roman citizen) is a phrase used in Cicero's In Verrem as a plea for the legal rights of a Roman citizen. [SEP] That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
1	Armand Jean du Plessis, Cardinal-Duke of Richelieu and of Fronsac (; 9 September 1585 – 4 December 1642), commonly referred to as Cardinal Richelieu (), was a French clergyman, nobleman, and statesman. [SEP] What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .
1	Commander William Donald Aelian "Bill" King, DSO & Bar, DSC (23 June 1910 – 21 September 2012) was a British naval officer, yachtsman and author. [SEP] Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .
1	The story of Daniel in the lions' den (chapter 6 in the Book of Daniel) tells how Daniel is raised to high office by his royal master Darius the Mede, but jealous rivals trick Darius into issuing a decree which condemns Daniel to death. [SEP] It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
1	Reggatta de Blanc is the second studio album by English rock band The Police, released on 2 October 1979. [SEP] Shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
1	The Green Bird is a 1765 commedia dell'arte play by Carlo Gozzi. [SEP] ... the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
0	This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1852. [SEP] It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .
1	William Childs Westmoreland (March 26, 1914 – July 18, 2005) was a United States Army general, who most notably commanded U.S. forces during the Vietnam War from 1964 to 1968. [SEP] Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
1	Harold Clayton Lloyd, Sr. (April 20, 1893 – March 8, 1971) was an American actor, comedian, film director, film producer, screenwriter, and stunt performer who is most famous for his silent comedy films. [SEP] Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .
1	This article is focused on English-language literature rather than the literature of England, so that it includes writers from Scotland, Wales, and the whole of Ireland, as well as literature in English from former British colonies. [SEP] The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
1	Manila is the capital city of the Philippines, founded on June 24, 1571 by Spanish conquistador Miguel López de Legazpi. [SEP] With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
1	(,), officially , is one of the 47 prefectures of Japan, and is both the capital and most populous city of Japan. [SEP] The observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
1	A deerstalker is a type of cap that is typically worn in rural areas, often for hunting, especially deer stalking. [SEP] Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
1	A "flattop" is a type of short haircut where the hair on the top of the head is usually standing upright and cut to form a flat-appearing deck. [SEP] The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
1	In music, the range of a musical instrument is the distance from the lowest to the highest pitch it can play. [SEP] Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
1	Occupational safety and health (OSH) also commonly referred to as occupational health and safety (OHS) or workplace health and safety (WHS) is an area concerned with the safety, health and welfare of people engaged in work or employment. [SEP] Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
1	"Skyfall" is the theme song of the 2012 James Bond film of the same name, performed by British singer Adele. [SEP] 300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
1	La Tomatina is a festival that is held in the Valencian town of Buñol, a town located in the East of Spain 30 km / 19 miles from the Mediterranean, in which participants throw tomatoes and get involved in this tomato fight purely for entertainment purposes. [SEP] Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
1	A cheque (or check in American English) is a document that orders a bank to pay a specific amount of money from a person's account to the person in whose name the cheque has been issued. [SEP] May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .
1	Shoe fetishism is the attribution of attractive sexual qualities to shoes or other footwear as a matter of sexual preference, or an alternative or complement to a relationship with a partner. [SEP] Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .
1	The Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO), officially The Association of Chief Police Officers of England, Wales and Northern Ireland, was a not-for-profit private limited company that for many years led the development of policing practices in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland. [SEP] The film is one of the year 's best .
0	The Israel Security Agency (ISA, Sherut haBitaẖon haKlali "General Security Service"; ), better known by the acronym Shabak (,, ) or the Shin Bet (a two-letter Hebrew abbreviation of the name), is Israel's internal security service (similar to the British MI5 or the American FBI). [SEP] Eerily accurate depiction of depression .
1	Herman Wouk (; born May 27, 1915) is an American author, whose best-selling 1951 novel The Caine Mutiny won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. [SEP] ... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .
1	A government budget is a government document presenting the government's proposed revenues and spending for a financial year that is often passed by the legislature, approved by the chief executive or president and presented by the Finance Minister to the nation. [SEP] Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
1	The following is a glossary of poker terms used in the card game of poker. [SEP] Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
1	Golden Arrow was a land speed record racer. [SEP] Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
1	The Tonight Show is an American late-night talk show broadcast from the Rockefeller Center in New York City and airing on NBC since 1954. [SEP] -LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
1	Dry Martini is a 1928 film comedy produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation starring Mary Astor and Matt Moore. [SEP] Great dragons !
1	A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin. [SEP] By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
1	Adamantium is a fictional metal alloy appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, and is best known as the substance bonded to the character Wolverine's skeleton and claws. [SEP] A deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
1	The Emirates Palace (Arabic: قصر الإمارات) is a luxury hotel in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. [SEP] Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
1	Hungry as the Sea is a 1978 Wilbur Smith novel. [SEP] The film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
1	Edward II (known also as EII, and previously as Edward the Second and the Red Hot Polkas and e2K) are an English band which play a fusion of world music, English folk and reggae. [SEP] I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
1	This is a list of rivers of the Czech Republic. [SEP] A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
1	This is a list of notable sandwiches. [SEP] It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .
1	Planets in astrology have a meaning different from the modern astronomical understanding of what a planet is. [SEP] The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
1	Sidney Bechet (May 14, 1897 – May 14, 1959) was an American jazz saxophonist, clarinetist, and composer. [SEP] The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
1	John James Chilton (16 July 1932 – 25 February 2016) was a British jazz trumpeter and writer. [SEP] Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
1	A Kind of Magic is the twelfth studio album by the British rock band Queen, released in 1986. [SEP] There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
1	Marriageable age (or marriage age) is the minimum age at which a person is allowed by law to marry, either as a right or subject to parental or other forms of consent. [SEP] Coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
1	Curiosity is a car-sized robotic rover exploring Gale Crater on Mars as part of NASA's Mars Science Laboratory mission (MSL). [SEP] It is a likable story , told with competence .
1	Pedro Teixeira (died 4 July 1641) was a Portuguese explorer who became, in 1637, the first European to travel up the entire length of the Amazon River. [SEP] Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
1	The Land of Nod (, ארץ נוד) is a place mentioned in the Book of Genesis of the Hebrew Bible, located "on the east of Eden" (qidmat-‘Eden), where Cain was exiled by God after Cain had murdered his brother Abel. [SEP] Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
1	Achille Rémy Percheron (25 January 1797 Paris – 1869) was a French entomologist. [SEP] A small movie with a big impact .
1	Rapid eye movement sleep (REM sleep, REMS) is a unique phase of mammalian sleep characterized by random movement of the eyes, low muscle tone throughout the body, and the propensity of the sleeper to dream vividly. [SEP] The movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
1	In Cold Blood is a non-fiction novel by American author Truman Capote, first published in 1966; it details the 1959 murders of four members of the Herbert Clutter family in the small farming community of Holcomb, Kansas. [SEP] I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .
0	Foxcatcher is a 2014 American biographical sports and true crime drama film produced and directed by Bennett Miller. [SEP] Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
1	Tachycardia, also called tachyarrhythmia, is a heart rate that exceeds the normal resting rate. [SEP] a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
1	Harry Mark Christopher Judd (born 23 December 1985) is an English musician who is best known as the drummer for British pop rock band McFly, along with fellow band members Tom Fletcher, Dougie Poynter and Danny Jones. [SEP] It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
1	Cephalopod ink is a dark pigment released into water by most species of cephalopod, usually as an escape mechanism. [SEP] Using an endearing cast , writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
1	The Beagle is a breed of small-sized hound, similar in appearance to the much larger foxhound. [SEP] When a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
1	Giant is the English word (coined 1297) commonly used for the monsters of human appearance but prodigious size and strength common in the mythology and legends of many different cultures. [SEP] It 's that good .
1	Vaccination is the administration of antigenic material (a vaccine) to stimulate an individual's immune system to develop adaptive immunity to a pathogen. [SEP] Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .
1	Penne is a type of pasta with cylinder-shaped pieces. [SEP] Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five .
1	Sir Squire Bancroft (14 May 1841 – 19 April 1926), born Squire White Butterfield, was an English actor-manager. [SEP] Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
1	Evita may refer to: [SEP] Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
1	Varieties of the color green may differ in hue, chroma (also called saturation or intensity) or lightness (or value, tone, or brightness), or in two or three of these qualities. [SEP] While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
1	The 2004 Israel–New Zealand passport scandal was an incident of passport fraud in July 2004 that led New Zealand to take diplomatic sanctions against Israel. [SEP] Katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
1	The Siege of Oxford refers to the English Civil War military campaigns waged to besiege the Royalist controlled city of Oxford, involving three short engagements over twenty-five months, which ended with a Parliamentarian victory in June 1646. [SEP] Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
1	The American entry into World War I came in April 1917, after two and a half years of efforts by President Woodrow Wilson to keep the United States neutral during the war. [SEP] A conventional but heartwarming tale .
1	Mary Paula Wilcox (born 13 December 1949) is an English actress. [SEP] This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
1	David Michael Gregory (born August 24, 1970) is an American television journalist and the former moderator of NBC News' Sunday morning talk show Meet the Press. [SEP] Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
1	A bee sting is a sting from a bee (honey bee, bumblebee, sweat bee, etc.). [SEP] A film of quiet power .
1	The 2007–08 UEFA Champions League was the 16th season of UEFA's premier European club football tournament, the UEFA Champions League, since it was rebranded in 1992, and the 53rd tournament overall. [SEP] More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
1	Patek Philippe & Co. (PP) is a Swiss watch manufacturer founded in 1851, located in Geneva and the Vallée de Joux. [SEP] An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
1	MuḥammadFull name: Abū al-Qāsim Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd Allāh ibn ʿAbd al-Muṭṭalib ibn Hāshim (, lit: Father of Qasim Muhammad son of Abd Allah son of Abdul-Muttalib son of Hashim) (; c. 570 CE – 8 June 632 CE)Elizabeth Goldman (1995), p. 63, gives 8 June 632 CE, the dominant Islamic tradition. [SEP] The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
1	The Flying Dutchman (FD) is a 20-foot one-design high-performance two-person monohull racing dinghy. [SEP] Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
1	Radio comedy, or comedic radio programming, is a radio broadcast that may involve sitcom elements, sketches and various types of comedy found on other media. [SEP] O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
1	The Irish War of Independence () or Anglo-Irish War was a guerrilla war fought from 1919 to 1921 between the Irish Republican Army (IRA, the army of the Irish Republic) and the British security forces in Ireland. [SEP] And for many of us , that 's good enough .
1	The Avro Vulcan (later Hawker Siddeley Vulcan from July 1963) is a jet-powered tailless delta wing high-altitude strategic bomber, which was operated by the Royal Air Force (RAF) from 1956 until 1984. [SEP] Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
1	Fife (; ) is a council area and historic county of Scotland. [SEP] Lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
1	Lee Gordon McKillop (born 4 August 1968), known as Lee Mack, is an English stand-up comedian and actor best known for writing the sitcom Not Going Out and starring in it as the main character, also called Lee. [SEP] It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
1	Honor's Foxfire Liberty Hume (AKC Registration Number SB578950) was the Golden Retriever Presidential pet of Betty Ford and Gerald Ford. [SEP] While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
1	The kidnapping and murder of Aldo Moro (Italian: Rapimento Moro) was a seminal event in Italian political history. [SEP] The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
1	Dandy Nichols (21 May 1907 – 6 February 1986) was an English actress most noted for her role as Else Garnett, the long-suffering wife of the racially bigoted and misogynistic character Alf Garnett in the BBC sitcom Till Death Us Do Part. [SEP] The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .
1	Klaus Voormann (born 29 April 1938) is a German artist, musician, and record producer. [SEP] Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
1	Harry James Potter is the title character of J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series. [SEP] More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
1	The Galia melon, also known as sarda in Southeast Asia, is a type of F1 hybrid melon originating from a cross between the green-flesh melon cultivar 'Ha-Ogen' and the netted-rind melon cultivar 'Krimka'. [SEP] This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
1	SS Great Britain is a museum ship and former passenger steamship, which was advanced for her time. [SEP] Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .
1	Piazza San Marco (, often known in English as St Mark's Square), is the principal public square of Venice, Italy, where it is generally known just as "the Piazza" (la Piazza). [SEP] That 's fun for kids of any age .
1	The table shows the abundance of elements in Earth's crust. [SEP] Writer\/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
1	Pierre Galet (born January 28, 1921) is a French ampelographer and author who was an influential figure within ampelography in the 20th century and before DNA typing was widely introduced. [SEP] Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
1	Kenya (;), officially the Republic of Kenya, is a country in Africa and a founding member of the East African Community (EAC). [SEP] Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
1	Vine Street is a street in Westminster, London, running from Swallow Street, parallel to Regent Street and Piccadilly. [SEP] Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
1	Amy Lawrence Lowell (February 9, 1874 – May 12, 1925) was an American poet of the imagist school from Brookline, Massachusetts, who posthumously won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1926. [SEP] ... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
1	Blackadder Goes Forth is the fourth and final series of the BBC sitcom Blackadder, written by Richard Curtis and Ben Elton, which aired from 28 September to 2 November 1989 on BBC One. [SEP] Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
1	Amnesia (; ), also known as amnesic syndrome, is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. [SEP] All in all , a great party .
1	Rimmel (commonly known as Rimmel London) is a British-manufactured cosmetics brand, now owned by Coty, Inc. [SEP] A moving story of determination and the human spirit .
1	Religious conversion is the adoption of a set of beliefs identified with one particular religious denomination to the exclusion of others. [SEP] `` Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
1	Shoestring is a BBC television show set in Bristol. [SEP] -LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .
1	A state visit is a formal visit by a head of state to a foreign country, at the invitation of that country's head of state, with the latter also acting as the official host for the duration of the state visit. [SEP] An effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
1	Oxford ( ) is a city in the South East region of England and the county town of Oxfordshire. [SEP] Except it 's much , much better .
1	The Constitution of India designates the official language of the Government of India as Hindi written in the Devanagari script, as well as English. [SEP] Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
1	Black Beauty is an 1877 novel by English author Anna Sewell. [SEP] What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
1	The Spur Royal was an extremely rare English gold coin issued in the reign of King James I. [SEP] The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
1	Chicago, the third-largest city in the United States, is home to 1,264 completed high-rises, 44 of which stand taller than 600 ft. [SEP] Although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
1	Ellen is an American television sitcom that aired on the ABC network from March 29, 1994, to July 22, 1998, consisting of 109 episodes. [SEP] I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
1	A state visit is a formal visit by a head of state to a foreign country, at the invitation of that country's head of state, with the latter also acting as the official host for the duration of the state visit. [SEP] There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .
1	The Battle of Santa Cruz de Tenerife was an amphibious assault by the Royal Navy on the Spanish port city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife in the Canary Islands. [SEP] A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
1	John William Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh (; 12 November 1842 – 30 June 1919) was an English physicist who, with William Ramsay, discovered argon, an achievement for which he earned the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1904. [SEP] This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
1	National Ice Cream Month is celebrated each year in July and National Ice Cream Day is celebrated on the third Sunday in July, in the United States. [SEP] Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
1	The Evening Standard Theatre Awards, established in 1955, are presented annually for outstanding achievements in London Theatre. [SEP] The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
1	Show Me The Money (SMTM) is a South Korean rap competition TV show that airs on Mnet. [SEP] Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
1	"Take Me Home" is a song written and performed by English singer-songwriter Phil Collins. [SEP] Worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
1	Newcastle Eagles (for sponsorship purposes Esh Group Eagles Newcastle) is a British Basketball League team from Newcastle upon Tyne. [SEP] Handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
1	Age UK is a registered charity in the United Kingdom, formed on 25 February 2009, and launched on 1 April 2009, which combines the operations of the previously separate charities Age Concern and Help the Aged to form the UK's largest charity for older people. [SEP] A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
1	Andy Raymond Schleck (; born 10 June 1985) is a Luxembourgish former professional road bicycle racer. [SEP] While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
1	Martha (c. 1885 – September 1, 1914) was the last known living passenger pigeon; she was named "Martha" in honor of the first First Lady Martha Washington. [SEP] We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
1	Julia Agrippina, most commonly referred to as Agrippina Minor or Agrippina the Younger, and after AD 50 known as Julia Augusta Agrippina (Minor; Latin for the "younger"; 7 November 15 – 19/23 March 59), was a Roman Empress and one of the more prominent women in the Julio-Claudian dynasty. [SEP] An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
1	"Who shot J.R.?" [SEP] The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
1	A flathead engine (aka sidevalve engine (SV), flathead, or flatty)American Rodder, 6/94, pp.45 & 93. is an internal combustion engine with valves placed in the engine block beside the piston, instead of in the cylinder head, as in an overhead valve engine. [SEP] The Cat 's Meow marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ...
1	MacGillycuddy's Reeks () is a mountain range in County Kerry, Republic of Ireland. [SEP] This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
1	Peter O'Donnell (11 April 1920 – 3 May 2010) was a British writer of mysteries and of comic strips, best known as the creator of Modesty Blaise, a female action heroine/undercover trouble-shooter. [SEP] In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
1	Stoke-on-Trent railway station is a mainline railway station serving the city of Stoke-on-Trent. [SEP] A very charming and funny movie .
1	Thornhill (Welsh Draenen Pen-y-graig draen thorn + -en one + pen top + 'y' the + craig rock [mutated to 'graig']) is a northern suburb in the city of Cardiff, capital of Wales, south of Caerphilly. [SEP] This is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
1	Jason Bourne is a fictional character created by novelist Robert Ludlum. [SEP] Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .
0	European Home Retail plc (EHR) was a listed UK company, operating in home retail. [SEP] While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
1	A [SEP] I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that .
1	The College of Arms, also known as the College of Heralds, is a royal corporation consisting of professional officers of arms, with jurisdiction over England, Wales, Northern Ireland and some Commonwealth realms. [SEP] You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
1	Daniel Coulter "Dan" Reynolds (born July 14, 1987) is an American musician, most famous as frontman of the Las Vegas-based rock band Imagine Dragons. [SEP] A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
1	The West Riding of Yorkshire is one of the three historic subdivisions of Yorkshire, England. [SEP] The movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .
1	Charles the Bald (13 June 823 – 6 October 877) was the King of West Francia (843–77), King of Italy (875–77) and Holy Roman Emperor (875–77, as Charles II). [SEP] Cold , nervy and memorable .
1	Suffrage, political franchise, or simply franchise is the right to vote in public, political elections (although the term is sometimes used for any right to vote). [SEP] Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters .
1	Franchising is the practice of the right to use a firm's business model and brand for a prescribed period of time. [SEP] All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
1	Thierry Marc Boutsen (born 13 July 1957 in Brussels, Belgium) is a former racing driver who raced for the Arrows, Benetton, Williams, Ligier and Jordan teams in Formula One. [SEP] Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia .
1	The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013 was the 11th annual Junior Eurovision Song Contest. [SEP] A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
1	A parody film is a comedy that parodies other film genres or films as pastiches, works created by imitation of the style of many different films reassembled together. [SEP] Among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
1	Brian London, (born Brian Sidney Harper, 19 June 1934, in West Hartlepool, County Durham) is a retired English heavyweight boxer. [SEP] It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
1	Stadium Australia, commercially known as ANZ Stadium and formerly as Telstra Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium located in the Sydney Olympic Park, in Sydney, Australia. [SEP] It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
1	Peel ( – Port of the Island) is a seaside town and small fishing port on the Isle of Man, in the parish of German but administered separately. [SEP] The storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema .
1	Gotham is an American crime television series developed by Bruno Heller, based on characters appearing in and published by DC Comics in their Batman franchise, primarily those of James Gordon and Bruce Wayne. [SEP] Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
1	The BFG is a 2016 American fantasy adventure film directed and produced by Steven Spielberg, written by Melissa Mathison and based on the 1982 novel of the same name by Roald Dahl. [SEP] It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
1	A vacuum flask (also known as a Dewar flask, Dewar bottle or Thermos) is an insulating storage vessel that greatly lengthens the time over which its contents remain hotter or cooler than the flask's surroundings. [SEP] A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
0	The early history of the automobile can be divided into a number of eras, based on the prevalent means of propulsion. [SEP] What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
1	#redirect Bob SegerIn human anatomy, the perineum (; Late Latin, from Greek περίνεος - perineos ) is a region of the body including the perineal body and surrounding structures. [SEP] What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
1	Chocolate cake is a cake flavored with melted chocolate, cocoa powder, or sometimes both. [SEP] As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
1	Marine Corps Base Quantico, also known as MCB Quantico, is a United States Marine Corps installation located near Triangle, Virginia, covering nearly 55148 acres of southern Prince William County, Virginia, northern Stafford County, and southeastern Fauquier County. [SEP] Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
1	"Elvis has left the building" is a phrase that was often used by public address announcers at the conclusion of Elvis Presley concerts in order to disperse audiences who lingered in hopes of an encore. [SEP] insightfully written , delicately performed
0	The Sun of May () is a national emblem of Argentina and Uruguay, and appears on both countries' flags. [SEP] Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
1	Robin's Nest is a British sitcom starring Richard O'Sullivan as Robin Tripp, one of the lead characters in the sitcom, Man About the House, which had ended on 7 April 1976. [SEP] This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .
1	Nikos Kazantzakis (; 18 February 1883 - 26 October 1957) was a Greek writer, celebrated for his novels, which include Zorba the Greek (published 1946 as Life and Times of Alexis Zorbas), Christ Recrucified (1948), Captain Michalis (1950, translated 'Freedom or Death), and The Last Temptation of Christ (1955). [SEP] One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
1	Hockey, or more specifically, field hockey, was introduced at the Olympic Games as a men's competition at the 1908 Games in London, with six teams, including four from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. [SEP] A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
1	Lee Mears (born 5 March 1979 in Torquay) is a former English rugby union footballer, who played hooker at Bath. [SEP] An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
1	Pin Up Girl is a 1944 20th Century Fox Technicolor musical romantic comedy motion picture starring Betty Grable, John Harvey, Martha Raye, and Joe E. Brown. [SEP] Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
1	A stock market, equity market or share market is the aggregation of buyers and sellers (a loose network of economic transactions, not a physical facility or discrete entity) of stocks (also called shares); these may include securities listed on a stock exchange as well as those only traded privately. [SEP] Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
1	The symbol # is most commonly known as a number sign, hash, or pound sign. [SEP] Interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
1	Albert Einstein (; ; 14 March 1879 – 18 April 1955) was a German-born theoretical physicist. [SEP] A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
1	Collage (from the , "to glue"; ) is a technique of an art production, primarily used in the visual arts, where the artwork is made from an assemblage of different forms, thus creating a new whole. [SEP] It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
1	East Troy is a village in Walworth County, Wisconsin, United States. [SEP] Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
1	Hilton Stewart Paterson Valentine (born 21 May 1943 ) is an English musician, who was the original guitarist in the Animals. [SEP] Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
1	A district is a type of administrative division that, in some countries, is managed by local government. [SEP] Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
1	A mint is a food item characterized by the presence of mint flavoring or real mint oil, whether it be peppermint oil, spearmint oil, another natural source such as wintergreen, or an artificial flavoring. [SEP] Delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
1	A scholarship is an award of financial aid for a student to further their education. [SEP] Bon appétit !
1	Mad scientist (also mad doctor or mad professor) is a caricature of a scientist who is described as "mad" or "insane" owing to a combination of unusual or unsettling personality traits and the unabashedly ambitious, taboo and/or hubristic nature of their experiments. [SEP] Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
1	The chemical compound potassium chloride (KCl) is a metal halide salt composed of potassium and chloride. [SEP] The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings .
1	Immingham is a town, civil parish and ward in the North East Lincolnshire unitary authority of England. [SEP] This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love has its rewards .
1	Cathay is the Anglicized version of "Catai" and an alternative name for China in English. [SEP] Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
1	Husbands is a 1970 film written and directed by John Cassavetes. [SEP] Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
1	The Weeping Woman, (60 х 49 cm, 23 ⅝ х 19 ¼ inches) is an oil on canvas painted by Pablo Picasso in France in 1937. [SEP] A film that will enthrall the whole family .
1	The ASTM International Resin Identification Coding System, often abbreviated as the RIC, is a set of symbols appearing on plastic products that identify the plastic resin out of which the product is made. [SEP] The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
1	This is a list of comedians of British birth or famous mainly in Britain. [SEP] K 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
1	Gerald "Jerry" Baldwin is an American businessman, who along with Gordon Bowker and Zev Siegl founded Starbucks in Seattle in 1971. [SEP] It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
1	Mary Helen MacKillop RSJ (15 January 1842 – 8 August 1909), now formally known as St Mary of the Cross MacKillop, was an Australian nun who has been declared a saint by the Catholic Church. [SEP] Like the best 60 Minutes exposé , the film -LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB- is actually quite entertaining .
1	The 2008 UEFA Champions League Final was a football match that took place on Wednesday, 21 May 2008, at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow, Russia, to determine the winner of the 2007–08 UEFA Champions League. [SEP] An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
1	The Main is a river in Germany. [SEP] Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
1	Butetown (or The Docks, ) is a community in the south of the city of Cardiff, the capital of Wales. [SEP] Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
1	A portable media player (PMP) or digital audio player (DAP) is a portable consumer electronics device capable of storing and playing digital media such as audio, images, and video files. [SEP] Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
1	Manufacturing is the production of merchandise for use or sale using labour and machines, tools, chemical and biological processing, or formulation. [SEP] In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
1	A table tennis racket (also called a "paddle" or "bat") is used by table tennis players. [SEP] Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
1	"Give Me Just a Little More Time" is the debut single for Chairmen of the Board, released in 1970 through Capitol Records on Holland–Dozier–Holland's Invictus Records label. [SEP] What the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
1	Momart is a British company specialising in the storage, transportation, and installation of works of art. [SEP] Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
1	The BBC Sports Personality of the Year Lifetime Achievement Award is an award given annually as part of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year ceremony each December. [SEP] Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
1	Roger Guerreiro (; born on 25 May 1982 in São Paulo, Brazil), commonly known as Roger, is a naturalized Polish footballer, who plays for Villa Nova-MG, as an attacking midfielder. [SEP] What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
1	A light meter is a device used to measure the amount of light. [SEP] A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
0	This is a list of aviation-related events from 1927: [SEP] The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
1	Mr Creosote is a grotesque fictional character who appears in Monty Python's The Meaning of Life. [SEP] But the actors make this worth a peek .
1	The European Cup was an association football competition contested from 1956 to 1992. [SEP] Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
1	Sir Alexander Matthew "Matt" Busby, CBE, KCSG (26 May 1909 – 20 January 1994) was a Scottish football player and manager, who managed Manchester United between 1945 and 1969 and again for the second half of the 1970–71 season. [SEP] If villainous vampires are your cup of blood , Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
1	Laura Jane Grace (born Thomas James Gabel, November 8, 1980) is an American musician best known as the founder, lead singer, songwriter and guitarist of the punk rock band Against Me!. [SEP] Drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
1	Choi Sung-won (, born April 30, 1977) is a South Korean professional billiards player. [SEP] Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
1	Jimmy Layne Webb (born August 15, 1946) is an American songwriter, composer, and singer. [SEP] Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
1	"Got to Give It Up" is a song by American music artist Marvin Gaye. [SEP] Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .
1	William Archibald Spooner (22 July 1844 – 29 August 1930) was a long-serving Oxford don, notable for absent-mindedness, and supposedly liable to mix up the syllables in a spoken phrase, with unintentionally comic effect. [SEP] Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
1	Forces' Sweetheart was also a 1953 film. [SEP] Especially give credit to Affleck .
1	Clergy are some of the formal leaders within certain religions. [SEP] An intelligently made -LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
1	Going Rogue: An American Life is a personal and political memoir of Sarah Palin, the former governor of Alaska and 2008 Republican candidate for U.S. Vice President. [SEP] A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
1	"Shout" is a song by the British band Tears for Fears, written by Roland Orzabal and Ian Stanley and sung by Orzabal (with Curt Smith duetting on the chorus). [SEP] Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
1	Allo Allo! [SEP] The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .
1	Skiffle is a music genre with jazz, blues, folk and roots influences, usually using homemade or improvised instruments. [SEP] A gem of a movie .
1	Turner Contemporary is one of the UK’s leading art galleries. [SEP] Witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
1	The Stanley Cup is a trophy awarded annually to the playoff champion club of the National Hockey League (NHL) ice hockey league. [SEP] It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
1	The Dutch Republic, also known as the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands ('), Republic of the United Netherlands or Republic of the Seven United Provinces ('), was a republic in Europe existing from 1581, when part of the Netherlands separated from Spanish rule, until 1795. [SEP] Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
1	Umnak () is one of the Fox Islands of the Aleutian Islands. [SEP] The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
1	Nicotiana tabacum, or cultivated tobacco, is an annually-grown herbaceous plant. [SEP] Eight Legged Freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
1	Perverting the course of justice is an offence committed when a person prevents justice from being served on him/herself or on another party. [SEP] This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
1	The Vitruvian Man, (which is translated to, "The proportions of the human body according to Vitruvius") or simply L'Uomo Vitruviano, is a drawing by Leonardo da Vinci around 1490. [SEP] Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
1	"Lofsöngur" ("Hymn"), also known as "Ó Guð vors lands" ("O, God of Our Land"), is the national anthem of Iceland. [SEP] A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
1	Nisyros () is a volcanic Greek island and municipality located in the Aegean Sea. [SEP] It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
1	Smog is a type of air pollutant. [SEP] Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
1	Chicken à la King (Franglais; "King-style Chicken") is a dish consisting of diced chicken in a cream sauce, and often with sherry, mushrooms, and vegetables, served over rice, pasta, or bread. [SEP] Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
1	The Eskimo are the indigenous peoples who have traditionally inhabited the northern circumpolar region from eastern Siberia (Russia), across Alaska (United States), Canada, and Greenland.Kaplan, Lawrence. [SEP] A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
1	The Raft of the Medusa () is an oil painting of 1818–1819 by the French Romantic painter and lithographer Théodore Géricault (1791–1824). [SEP] If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
1	Wellpark Brewery is a brewery situated in Duke Street in the East End of Glasgow, Scotland. [SEP] Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
1	Boat racing is a sport in which boats, or other types of watercraft, race on water. [SEP] It is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
1	"White van man" is a stereotype used in the United Kingdom for a smaller-sized commercial van driver, perceived as selfish, inconsiderate, mostly working class and aggressive. [SEP] An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
1	The Eastleigh by-election, 2013 was a parliamentary by-election held on 28 February 2013 for the United Kingdom House of Commons constituency of Eastleigh in Hampshire. [SEP] A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
1	Robert George "Bobby" Seale (born October 20, 1936) is an American political activist. [SEP] Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
1	Linguistic reconstruction is the practice of establishing the features of an unattested ancestor language of one or more given languages. [SEP] Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '
1	Drought in the United States is similar to that of other portions of the globe. [SEP] A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
1	Borstal Boy is a 1958 autobiographical book by Brendan Behan. [SEP] The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .
1	This page provides a list of best-selling fiction authors to date and in any language. [SEP] A treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
1	Mosfilm (, Mosfil’m) is a film studio often described as the largest and oldest in the Russian Federation and in Europe. [SEP] One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
1	Mark Markovich Warshavsky (, ; born in Odessa 1848, died in Kiev, 1907) was a Yiddish-speaking folk poet and composer from the Russian Empire. [SEP] A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .
1	Aliens is a 1986 American military science fiction action horror film written and directed by James Cameron, produced by his then-wife Gale Anne Hurd, and starring Sigourney Weaver, Carrie Henn, Michael Biehn, Paul Reiser, Lance Henriksen, William Hope, and Bill Paxton. [SEP] Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and Peter Ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
1	Deuterium (symbol or , also known as heavy hydrogen) is one of two stable isotopes of hydrogen. [SEP] The film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
1	Piloti (Serbian Cyrillic: Пилоти, trans. [SEP] I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
1	The Pahlavi dynasty () was the ruling house of Iran from 1925 until 1979, when the monarchy was overthrown and abolished as a result of the Iranian Revolution. [SEP] Somehow Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
1	Bisexuality is romantic attraction, sexual attraction, or sexual behavior toward both males and females, or romantic or sexual attraction to people of any sex or gender identity; this latter aspect is sometimes alternatively termed pansexuality. [SEP] More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
1	The Yucatán Channel or Straits of Yucatán (Spanish: Canal de Yucatán) is a strait between Mexico and Cuba. [SEP] For all the dolorous trim , Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
1	The Natural History Museum in London is a museum of natural history that exhibits a vast range of specimens from various segments of natural history. [SEP] A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
1	Daniel John Mark Luke "Danny" O'Donoghue (born 3 October 1979) is an Irish singer-songwriter known for being the frontman of the Irish pop band The Script and as a coach on the first two series of the television singing talent show The Voice UK. [SEP] Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
1	The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) also known as. [SEP] Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
1	Below is an abridged timeline of events established in the group of television shows and feature films set in the Star Trek universe. [SEP] When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .
1	An heir presumptive or heiress presumptive is the person entitled to inherit a throne, peerage, or other hereditary honour, but whose position can be displaced by the birth of an heir apparent, male or female, or of a new heir presumptive with a better claim to the position in question. [SEP] Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
1	File:1990s decade montage.png|From left, clockwise: The Hubble Space Telescope floats in space after it was taken up in 1990; American F-16s and F-15s fly over burning oil fields in Operation Desert Storm, also known as the 1991 Gulf War; The signing of the Oslo Accords on 13 September 1993; The World Wide Web gains a public face during the start of decade and as a result gains massive popularity worldwide; Boris Yeltsin and followers stand on a tank in defiance to the August Coup, which leads to the dissolution of the Soviet Union on 26 December 1991; Dolly the sheep is the first mammal to be cloned from an adult somatic cell; The funeral procession of Diana, Princess of Wales, who dies in 1997 from a car crash in Paris, and is mourned by millions; Hundreds of thousands are killed in the Rwandan Genocide of 1994.|420px|thumb [SEP] -LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
1	Samuel Augustus "Sam" Nunn, Jr. (born September 8, 1938) is an American lawyer and politician. [SEP] Russian Ark is a new treasure of the Hermitage .
1	Guildhall is a Grade I-listed building in the City of London, England. [SEP] The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
1	The 2011 Djiboutian protests were widespread demonstrations and riots that took place between January and March 2011 in Djibouti, situated in the Horn of Africa. [SEP] It 's definitely a step in the right direction .
1	Panackelty (also spelt panacalty, panaculty, panackerty '"panaggie'" or abbreviated as panack) is a casseroled dish, traditional throughout the northeast of England and especially associated with Sunderland, consisting of meat (mainly corned beef) and root vegetables (mainly potatoes and onions) left to bake throughout the day in an oven pot on low heat. [SEP] As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
1	Eugene Allen "Gene" Hackman (born January 30, 1930) is a retired American actor and novelist. [SEP] Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
1	An antelope is a member of a number of even-toed ungulate species indigenous to various regions in Africa and Eurasia. [SEP] Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
1	Jane Asher (born 5 April 1946) is an English actress, author and entrepreneur, who achieved early fame as a child actress, and has worked extensively in film and TV throughout her career. [SEP] In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
1	Bridget Parker (born 5 January 1939) is an English equestrian and Olympic champion for Great Britain. [SEP] The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
1	Aprilia is an Italian motorcycle company, one of the marques owned by Piaggio. [SEP] Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .
1	Tabitha Smith is a fictional character, a mutant superhero appearing in the comic books published by Marvel Comics. [SEP] Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
1	Walter Frederick "Fritz" Mondale (born January 5, 1928) is an American Democratic Party politician who served as the 42nd Vice President of the United States (1977–81) under President Jimmy Carter, and as a United States Senator from Minnesota (1964–76). [SEP] This is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
1	A fighter aircraft is a military aircraft designed primarily for air-to-air combat against other aircraft, as opposed to bombers and attack aircraft, whose main mission is to attack ground targets. [SEP] For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
1	Events [SEP] What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
1	"Moon Over Naples" is a 1965 instrumental composed and originally performed by German bandleader Bert Kaempfert and was the first track on his album, The Magic Music of Far Away Places for Decca Records. [SEP] With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
1	A telephone numbering plan is a type of numbering scheme used in telecommunication to assign telephone numbers to subscriber telephones or other telephony endpoints. [SEP] An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
1	The Galápagos hotspot is a volcanic hotspot in the East Pacific Ocean responsible for the creation of the Galapagos Islands as well as three major aseismic ridge systems, Carnegie, Cocos and Malpelso which are on two tectonic plates. [SEP] The performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
1	Klaxons are an English band, based in London. [SEP] A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
0	Islamic fundamentalism (, al-oṣooleyyah al-eslaameyyah) has been defined variously as a movement of Muslims who harken back to earlier times and seek to return to the fundamentals of the religion and live similarly to how the prophet Muhammad and his companions lived. [SEP] Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
1	The Keirsey Temperament Sorter (KTS) is a self-assessed personality questionnaire designed to help people better understand themselves and others. [SEP] It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
1	The Good Terrorist is a 1985 political novel by Doris Lessing. [SEP] Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
1	A law school (also known as a law centre or college of law) is an institution specializing in legal education, usually involved as part of a process for becoming a lawyer within a given jurisdiction. [SEP] This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
1	Competition in biology and sociology, is a contest between two or more organisms, animals, individuals, groups, etc., for territory, a niche, for a location of resources, for resources and goods, for mates, for prestige, for recognition, for awards, for group or social status, or for leadership. [SEP] Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
1	The Humboldt Current is a cold, low-salinity ocean current that flows north along the west coast of South America from the southern tip of Chile to northern Peru. [SEP] Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
1	A chess problem, also called a chess composition, is a puzzle set by somebody using chess pieces on a chess board, that presents the solver with a particular task to be achieved. [SEP] The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
1	Jarvis Lorry is a character in Charles Dickens' novel, A Tale of Two Cities. [SEP] Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
1	Henry VII, known before accession as Henry Tudor, 2nd Earl of Richmond (; 28 January 1457 – 21 April 1509), was King of England after seizing the crown on 22 August 1485 until his death, the first monarch of the House of Tudor. [SEP] Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
1	The Romagnola is a breed of cattle from the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. [SEP] The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
1	The domestic pig (Sus scrofa domesticus or Sus domesticus), often called swine, hog, or pig when there is no need to distinguish it from other pigs, is a large, even-toed ungulate. [SEP] For every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
1	Geocaching is an outdoor recreational activity, in which participants use a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver or mobile device and other navigational techniques to hide and seek containers, called "geocaches" or "caches", at specific locations marked by co-ordinates all over the world. [SEP] What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
1	Robert Alexander Kennedy Runcie, Baron Runcie, (2 October 1921 – 11 July 2000) was a British Anglican bishop. [SEP] All three women deliver remarkable performances .
1	Charleston is the capital and largest city of the State of West Virginia. [SEP] Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
1	T [SEP] Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
1	Amy Belcher, also known as Sensation and mostly as She-Dragon, is a fictional 'superfreak' and later police officer created by Erik Larsen for his series Savage Dragon as a She-Hulk-like female counterpart for the series' main character The Dragon. [SEP] The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
1	Jacob "Jake" Black is a character in the Twilight series by Stephenie Meyer. [SEP] Rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
1	One concept which measures the world's largest cities is that of the metropolitan area, which is based on the concept of a labor market area and is typically defined as an employment core (an area with a high density of available jobs) and the surrounding areas that have strong commuting ties to the core. [SEP] Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
1	The boliviano (sign: Bs. [SEP] Bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
1	Lingual papillae (singular papilla) are the small, nipple-like structures on the upper surface of the tongue that give the tongue its characteristic rough texture. [SEP] So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
1	Unforgiven is a 1992 American western film written by David Webb Peoples. [SEP] A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
1	Governor-general or governor general, in modern usage, is the title of an office-holder appointed to represent the monarch of a sovereign state in the governing of an independent realm. [SEP] A gentle and engrossing character study .
1	The Karen, Kayin, Kariang or Yang people (,; Per Ploan Poe or Ploan in Poe Karen and Pwa Ka Nyaw or Kanyaw in Sgaw Karen; ) refer to a number of individual Sino-Tibetan language speaking ethnic groups, many of which do not share a common language or culture. [SEP] It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .
1	Kutch district (also spelled as Kachchh) is a district of Gujarat state in western India. [SEP] An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
1	Dunnarts are furry narrow-footed marsupials the size of a mouse, members of the genus Sminthopsis. [SEP] A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .
1	Corvo Island (,), literally the Island of the Crow, is the smallest and the northernmost island of the Azores archipelago and the northernmost in Macaronesia, with a population of approximately 468 inhabitants (in 2006) constituting the smallest single municipality in Azores and in Portugal. [SEP] Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
1	A blanket is a type of bedding, generally speaking, a large piece of woven cloth, intended to keep the user warm, especially while sleeping or lying down. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work .
1	Gilmore Girls is an American comedy-drama television series created by Amy Sherman-Palladino starring Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel. [SEP] A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
1	Cleverdicks is a game show that originally aired on Sky Atlantic, hosted by Ann Widdecombe, now shown on Challenge. [SEP] The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
1	Hooking in ice hockey is a penalty. [SEP] Daring and beautifully made .
0	"West End Girls" is a song by British pop duo Pet Shop Boys. [SEP] Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
1	Sunset or sundown, is the daily disappearance of the Sun below the western horizon as a result of Earth's rotation. [SEP] The film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .
1	Evan Harold Davis (born 8 April 1962 in Malvern, Worcestershire ) is an English economist, journalist, and presenter for the BBC. [SEP] Both lead performances are Oscar-size .
1	Take to the Skies is the début studio album by British rock band Enter Shikari. [SEP] Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .
1	The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex is a book by English naturalist Charles Darwin, first published in 1871, which applies evolutionary theory to human evolution, and details his theory of sexual selection, a form of biological adaptation distinct from, yet interconnected with, natural selection. [SEP] Ferrara 's best film in years .
1	Tynwald Day () is the National Day of the Isle of Man, usually observed on 5 July (if this is a Saturday or Sunday, then on the following Monday). [SEP] A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
1	The following are the Pulitzer Prizes for 1937. [SEP] Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
1	The birds-of-paradise are members of the family Paradisaeidae of the order Passeriformes. [SEP] Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
1	The Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of Amiens (), or simply Amiens Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic cathedral and seat of the Bishop of Amiens (currently Jean-Luc Bouilleret). [SEP] It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
1	Machiavellianism is "the employment of cunning and duplicity in statecraft or in general conduct". [SEP] The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
1	Francisco Scaramanga is a fictional character and the main antagonist in the James Bond novel and film versions of The Man with the Golden Gun. [SEP] Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .
1	Hook-and-loop fasteners, hook-and-pile fasteners, or touch fasteners consist of two components: typically, two lineal fabric strips (or, alternatively, round "dots" or squares) which are attached (sewn or otherwise adhered) to the opposing surfaces to be fastened. [SEP] Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
1	Suffolk is an East Anglian county of historic origin in England. [SEP] Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
1	Philosophy, Politics and Economics (PPE) is an interdisciplinary undergraduate/post-graduate degree which combines study from three disciplines. [SEP] A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
1	A magnetosphere is the region of space surrounding an astronomical object in which charged particles are controlled by that object's magnetic field. [SEP] Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
1	The quintain (from Latin "fifth"), also known as pavo (Latin "peacock"), may have included a number of lance games, often used as training for jousting, where the competitor would attempt to strike an object with his lance, sword or other weapon. [SEP] Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
1	The imperial and US customary systems of measurement are two closely inter-related systems of measurement both derived from earlier English system of measurement units which can be traced back to Ancient Roman units of measurement, and Carolingian and Saxon units of measure. [SEP] Byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
1	Taraji Penda Henson ( ; born September 11, 1970) is an American actress and singer. [SEP] McGrath has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
1	The Carme group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Carme and are thought to have a common origin. [SEP] A chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
1	Mount Katahdin (pronounced, "") is the highest mountain in the U.S. state of Maine at 5267 ft. Named Katahdin by the Penobscot Indians, which means "The Greatest Mountain", Katahdin is the centerpiece of Baxter State Park. [SEP] Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
1	Methyl isobutyl ketone (MIBK) is the organic compound with the formula (CH3)2CHCH2C(O)CH3. [SEP] But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
1	A bascule bridge (commonly referred to as a drawbridge) is a moveable bridge with a counterweight that continuously balances a span, or "leaf", throughout its upward swing to provide clearance for boat traffic. [SEP] The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
1	Mississippi State Penitentiary (MSP), also known as Parchman Farm, is the oldest prison and the only maximum security prison for men in the state of Mississippi. [SEP] Broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
1	Roy North (born 16 March 1941, Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England) is an English actor and television presenter, who played Mr Roy in Basil Brush. [SEP] Offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
1	Incense is aromatic biotic material which releases fragrant smoke when burned. [SEP] A perceptive , good-natured movie .
1	Krist Anthony Novoselic (; ; born May 16, 1965) is an American rock musician, and was the bass guitarist and member of the grunge band Nirvana. [SEP] An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession .
1	The Mazda Familia, also marketed prominently as the Mazda 323 and Mazda Protegé, is a small family car that was manufactured by Mazda between 1963 and 2003. [SEP] A small movie with a big heart .
1	This is a list of the main career statistics of Australian tennis player, Lleyton Hewitt. [SEP] Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense .
1	Camelot is a musical by Alan Jay Lerner (book and lyrics) and Frederick Loewe (music). [SEP] The formula is familiar but enjoyable .
1	Simon Called Peter is a novel by Robert Keable (1887–1927) which was a best-seller in 1921. [SEP] Tells a fascinating , compelling story .
1	Kevin Turvey was a British television comedy character, created by actor and comedian Rik Mayall, who featured in the BBC sketch show A Kick Up the Eighties in 1981. [SEP] A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
1	The inaugural games were held, on the orders of the Roman Emperor Titus, to celebrate the completion in AD 80 (81 according to some sources) of the Colosseum, then known as the Flavian Amphitheatre (). [SEP] What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
1	Versailles ( or) is a city in the Yvelines département in Île-de-France region, renowned worldwide for its château, the Château de Versailles and the gardens of Versailles, designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites. [SEP] The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
1	Julianne Moore (born Julie Anne Smith; December 3, 1960) is an American–British actress, prolific in films since the early 1990s. [SEP] Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
0	The Purple Rose of Cairo is a 1985 American romantic fantasy comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen, and starring Mia Farrow, Jeff Daniels, and Danny Aiello. [SEP] Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
1	Hydrocodone/paracetamol, also known as hydrocodone/acetaminophen or hydrocodone/APAP and marketed under the trade name Vicodin among others, is the combination of an opioid pain medication, hydrocodone, with paracetamol (acetaminophen). [SEP] World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
1	The Lebanese Civil War ( - Al-Ḥarb al-Ahliyyah al-Libnāniyyah) was a multifaceted civil war in Lebanon, lasting from 1975 to 1990 and resulting in an estimated 250,000 fatalities. [SEP] There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
1	Commissar (sometimes Kommissar) is an English transliteration of the Russian , which means commissary. [SEP] There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
1	Van Helsing is a 2004 American dark fantasy action-adventure film directed by Stephen Sommers. [SEP] An action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
1	The Thames Estuary is the estuary in which the River Thames meets the waters of the North Sea, in the south-east of Great Britain. [SEP] The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
1	The quotation "All men are created equal" has been called an "immortal declaration," and "perhaps [the] single phrase" of the American Revolutionary period with the greatest "continuing importance." [SEP] classic cinema served up with heart and humor
1	Gorillaz are an English virtual rock band created in 1998 by Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett. [SEP] -LRB- Stephen -RRB- Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
0	Sir Philip Anthony Hopkins, CBE (born 31 December 1937), is a Welsh actor of film, stage, and television. [SEP] The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
1	Navy blue is a very dark shade of the color blue. [SEP] Nicole Holofcener 's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
1	The Higsons were an English funk-punk band in the United Kingdom in the 1980s. [SEP] That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
1	Prairies are ecosystems considered part of the temperate grasslands, savannas, and shrublands biome by ecologists, based on similar temperate climates, moderate rainfall, and a composition of grasses, herbs, and shrubs, rather than trees, as the dominant vegetation type. [SEP] Has a solid emotional impact .
1	The football at the 1920 Summer Olympics, was one of the 154 events at the 1920 Summer Olympics, held in Antwerp. [SEP] Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
1	Italian euro coins have a design unique to each denomination, though there is a common theme of famous Italian works of art from one of Italy's renowned artists. [SEP] Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
1	The Endless River is the fifteenth and final studio album by the British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. [SEP] While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
1	Oregon Route 207 is an Oregon state highway running from U.S. Route 26 in Mitchell to U.S. Route 730 near Cold Springs Junction. [SEP] Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
1	"A Scandal in Bohemia" was the first of Arthur Conan Doyle's 56 Sherlock Holmes short stories to be published in The Strand Magazine and the first Sherlock Holmes story illustrated by Sidney Paget. [SEP] An enjoyable above average summer diversion .
1	Herr Meets Hare is a 1945 Warner Bros. cartoon directed by Friz Freleng, under the Merrie Melodies series. [SEP] There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
1	Sir Barry Sheen (31 August 1918 – 25 October 2005) was a British judge who served as Admiralty Judge of the High Court from 1978 to 1993. [SEP] If you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
1	Conduct disorder (CD) is a mental disorder diagnosed in childhood or adolescence that presents itself through a repetitive and persistent pattern of behavior in which the basic rights of others or major age-appropriate norms are violated. [SEP] As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .
1	Bibliophobia is the fear or hatred of books. [SEP] Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
1	The Cube is a British game show which first aired on ITV on 22 August 2009. [SEP] Chris Columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
0	A reservoir (etymology: from French réservoir a "storehouse" ) is a storage space for fluids. [SEP] Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
1	Georg I Frederick Karl, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen (Frankfurt, 4 February 1761 – Meiningen, 24 December 1803), was Duke of Saxe-Meiningen from 1782 to 1803. [SEP] ... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
1	Oflag IV-C, often referred to as Colditz Castle because of its location, was one of the most noted German Army prisoner-of-war camps for captured enemy officers during World War II; Oflag is a shortening of Offizierslager, meaning "officers camp". [SEP] A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .
1	Coral reefs are diverse underwater ecosystems held together by calcium carbonate structures secreted by corals. [SEP] But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
1	Incumbents [SEP] In an ART FILM !
1	This is a list of cities in the State of North Dakota. [SEP] As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
0	Petco Park is a baseball park located in the downtown area of San Diego, California, United States, that is home to the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball (MLB). [SEP] Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
1	Robertson's is a UK brand of marmalades and fruit preserves that was founded by James Robertson in 1864. [SEP] ... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
1	This is a list of notable events in music that took place in the year 1978. [SEP] The hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
1	Grímsvötn (; vötn = "waters", singular: ) is a volcano in South-East Iceland. [SEP] Over the years , Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
1	The 2006 Lebanon War, also called the 2006 Israel–Hezbollah War and known in Lebanon as the July War (, Ḥarb Tammūz) and in Israel as the Second Lebanon War (, Milhemet Levanon HaShniya), was a 34-day military conflict in Lebanon, Northern Israel and the Golan Heights. [SEP] Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
1	The Italian national football team () represents Italy in association football and is controlled by the Italian Football Federation (FIGC), the governing body for football in Italy. [SEP] One of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
1	The Dales Way is an 84-mile (135 km) Long Distance Footpath in Northern England, from (south east to north west) Ilkley, West Yorkshire, to Bowness-on-Windermere, Cumbria. [SEP] One of the most original American productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
1	Michael Gordon "Mike" Oldfield (born 15 May 1953) is an English musician and composer. [SEP] Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
1	Timothy Lancaster West, CBE (born 20 October 1934) is an English film, stage and television actor. [SEP] Gives everyone something to shout about .
1	Sir David John White, (born 2 February 1940), better known by his stage name David Jason, is an English actor and comedian. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- thoughtful , visually graceful work .
1	This is a list of notable Polish Americans, including both original immigrants who obtained American citizenship and their American descendants. [SEP] Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
1	The Gulf of Guinea is the northeasternmost part of the tropical Atlantic Ocean between Cape Lopez in Gabon, north and west to Cape Three Points in Western region Ghana. [SEP] The slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
1	Lou Doillon (born 4 September 1982) is a French model, singer, and actress. [SEP] A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
1	Jeffrey Warren "Jeff" Daniels (born February 19, 1955) is an American actor, musician, and playwright, whose career includes roles in films, stage productions and on television, for which he has won an Emmy Award and received Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild and Tony Award nominations. [SEP] Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
1	STS-1 (Space Transportation System-1) was the first orbital spaceflight of NASA's Space Shuttle program. [SEP] The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .
1	The periodic table is a tabular arrangement of the chemical elements, ordered by their atomic number (number of protons), electron configurations, and recurring chemical properties. [SEP] Even if The Ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
1	Edward II (25 April 1284 – 21 September 1327), also called Edward of Caernarfon, was King of England from 1307 until he was deposed in January 1327. [SEP] The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
1	8 Out of 10 Cats is a British television comedy panel game produced by Zeppotron (a subsidiary of Endemol UK) for Channel 4. [SEP] A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
1	Neville Southall MBE (born 16 September 1958) is a Welsh former international footballer. [SEP] The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
1	A collective title is an expression by which two or more pieces of legislation may, under the law of the United Kingdom, be cited together. [SEP] An entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
1	Dead Cert is a 1974 crime film directed by Tony Richardson. [SEP] It has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
1	Scotland the What? [SEP] An enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... The Château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
1	Antidepressants are drugs used for the treatment of major depressive disorder and other conditions, including dysthymia, anxiety disorders, obsessive compulsive disorder, eating disorders, chronic pain, neuropathic pain and, in some cases, dysmenorrhoea, snoring, migraine, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), addiction, dependence, and sleep disorders. [SEP] Intriguing and downright intoxicating .
1	Edmond Eugène Alexis Rostand (; 1 April 1868 – 2 December 1918) was a French poet and dramatist. [SEP] An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
1	The 1999 Rugby World Cup was the fourth Rugby World Cup and was won by Australia. [SEP] With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , Hélène Angel is definitely a director to watch .
1	The buccal space (also termed the buccinator space) is a fascial space of the head and neck (sometimes also termed fascial spaces or tissue spaces). [SEP] ... could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .
1	The Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Stratford, Connecticut. [SEP] Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
1	An all-time medal table for all Olympic Games from 1896 to 2014, including Summer Olympic Games, Winter Olympic Games, and a combined total of both, is tabulated below. [SEP] The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .
0	A command-line interface or command language interpreter (CLI), also known as command-line user interface, console user interface, and character user interface (CUI), is a means of interacting with a computer program where the user (or client) issues commands to the program in the form of successive lines of text (command lines). [SEP] Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
1	In physics, a gravitational field is a model used to explain the influence that a massive body extends into the space around itself, producing a force on another massive body. [SEP] Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
1	Adolf Hitler's religious beliefs have been a matter of debate. [SEP] Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
0	A metric prefix is a unit prefix that precedes a basic unit of measure to indicate a multiple or fraction of the unit. [SEP] Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
1	In law, an alien is a person who resides within the borders of a country and is not a national of that country, though definitions and terminology differs to some degree. [SEP] Even with all its botches , Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
1	Barnaby Rudge: A Tale of the Riots of Eighty (commonly known as Barnaby Rudge) is a historical novel by British novelist Charles Dickens. [SEP] His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
1	Bromsgrove is a town in Worcestershire, England. [SEP] If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
1	Shane Patrick Lysaght MacGowan (Born 25 December 1957) is an Irish musician and singer, best known as the lead singer and songwriter of Celtic trad punk band the Pogues. [SEP] An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
1	The year 1975 in film involved some significant events, with Steven Spielberg's thriller Jaws topping the box office. [SEP] About Schmidt belongs to Nicholson .
1	Richard Montgomery (December 2, 1738 – December 31, 1775) was an Irish-born soldier who first served in the British Army. [SEP] The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
0	Mary Louise Baker (born Mary Louise Gribble; born May 24, 1920), known as Joan Barry, was an American actress who had a short-lived career in the industry. [SEP] It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
1	Gower Street is a street in Bloomsbury, central London, running from Montague Place in the south to Euston Road at the north. [SEP] If it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
1	A biplane is a fixed-wing aircraft with two main wings stacked one above the other. [SEP] ... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
1	A latchkey kid or latchkey child is a child who returns from school to an empty home because their parent or parents are away at work, or a child who is often left at home with little parental supervision. [SEP] Best indie of the year , so far .
1	Purim (; Hebrew: Pûrîm "lots", from the word pur, related to Akkadian: pūru) is a Jewish holiday that commemorates the saving of the Jewish people from Haman, who was planning to kill all the Jews. [SEP] -LRB- Ferrera -RRB- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
1	Brunswick railway station serves the Toxteth district of Liverpool, England, on the Northern Line of the Merseyrail network. [SEP] ... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
1	Carambola, commonly referred to as starfruit, is the fruit of Averrhoa carambola, a species of tree native to the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam, Nepal, India, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. [SEP] Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
1	The Scourge of God () is a 1920 Austrian film directed by Michael Curtiz. [SEP] In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
1	Benghazi ( ) is the second largest city in Libya, and the largest in Cyrenaica. [SEP] Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
1	Dar es Salaam (from ', literally "the abode of peace"; or simply Dar, formerly Mzizima) is the largest city of Tanzania and the largest city in eastern Africa by population, as well as a regionally important economic centre. [SEP] If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
1	Glenn Lewis Frey (; November 6, 1948 – January 18, 2016) was an American singer, songwriter and actor, best known as a founding member of the rock band Eagles. [SEP] This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
1	The 2008–09 Football Conference season was the fifth season with the Conference consisting of three divisions, and the thirtieth season overall. [SEP] Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
1	In Norse mythology, Gram, (Old Norse Gramr, meaning Wrath) is the sword that Sigurd used to kill the dragon Fafnir. [SEP] Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
1	Affinity is a 1999 historical fiction novel by Sarah Waters. [SEP] ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .
1	Vänern is the largest lake in Sweden, the largest lake in the European Union and the third-largest lake entirely in Europe after Ladoga and Onega in Russia. [SEP] A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
1	One Man and His Dog is a BBC television series in the United Kingdom featuring sheepdog trials, originally presented by Phil Drabble, with commentary by Eric Halsall and, later, by Ray Ollerenshaw. [SEP] Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
1	The domesticated turkey (Meleagris gallopavo) is a large poultry bird, one of the two species in the genus Meleagris and the same as the wild turkey. [SEP] About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .
1	Indian musical instruments can be broadly classified according to the Hornbostel–Sachs system into four categories: chordophones (string instruments), aerophones (wind instruments), membranophones (drums) and idiophones (non-drum percussion instruments). [SEP] A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
1	Spraint is the dung of the otter. [SEP] Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
1	The LG ICC Awards were held on 1 October 2009 in Johannesburg in South Africa before the semi-finals of 2009 ICC Champions Trophy. [SEP] This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
1	Sharkskin is a smooth worsted fabric with a soft texture and a two-toned woven appearance. [SEP] Even better than the first one !
1	Kim Duk-Koo (January 8, 1955 - November 18, 1982) was a South Korean boxer who died following a world championship boxing match against Ray Mancini. [SEP] Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
1	Rapa Nui National Park is a national park and UNESCO-inscribed World Heritage Site located on Easter Island, Chile. [SEP] A must see for all sides of the political spectrum
1	Joe E. Campbell (born November 5, 1935) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the late 1950s and 1960s. [SEP] -LRB- Reynolds -RRB- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
1	The African fish eagle (Haliaeetus vocifer) or – to distinguish it from the true fish eagles (Ichthyophaga), the African sea eagle – is a large species of eagle that is found throughout sub-Saharan Africa wherever large bodies of open water occur that have an abundant food supply. [SEP] Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
1	William "Will" Champion (born 31 July 1978) is an English musician and multi-instrumentalist, best known as the drummer and backing vocalist of the alternative rock band Coldplay. [SEP] Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
1	Velocipede (; Latin for "fast foot") is a human-powered land vehicle with one or more wheels. [SEP] It rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
1	The Cavan County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) or Cavan GAA is one of the 32 county boards of the GAA in Ireland, and is responsible for Gaelic games in Cavan and the Cavan inter-county teams. [SEP] This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
1	In English-speaking popular culture, the modern pirate stereotype owes its attributes mostly to the imagined tradition of the 18th century Caribbean pirate sailing off the Spanish Main and to such celebrated 20th century depictions as Captain Hook and his crew in the theatrical and film versions of Peter Pan, Robert Newton's portrayal of Long John Silver in the 1950 film of Treasure Island, and various adaptations of the Eastern pirate, Sinbad the Sailor. [SEP] A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
1	A premiere (or , French for "first") is the debut (first public presentation) of a play, film, dance, or musical composition. [SEP] This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
1	Harold Faltermeyer (born Harald Faltermeier; 5 October 1952) is a German musician, keyboard player, composer and record producer. [SEP] Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
1	David Andrew Platt (born 10 June 1966) is an English former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder. [SEP] The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
1	Essex County is a county located in the state of New York, in the United States. [SEP] Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
0	This is the main list of dances. [SEP] Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
1	Penny Sue Pritzker (born May 2, 1959) is an American billionaire businesswoman, entrepreneur and civic leader who is currently serving as the 38th United States Secretary of Commerce. [SEP] The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .
0	Ashley Stephen Hutchings MBE (born 26 January 1945) is an English bassist, vocalist, songwriter, arranger, band leader, writer and record producer. [SEP] The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .
1	FIFA Player of the Century was a one-off award created by FIFA to decide the greatest football player of the 20th century. [SEP] The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
1	Balthazar, published in 1958, is the second volume in The Alexandria Quartet series by British author Lawrence Durrell. [SEP] Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
1	Embodied cognition (Embodied mind thesis) is the belief that many features of human cognition are shaped by aspects of the body beyond the brain. [SEP] Happy Times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
1	Jane Eyre is the heroine of Charlotte Brontë's 1847 novel of the same name. [SEP] Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
1	Last Action Hero is a 1993 American comic fantasy action film directed and produced by John McTiernan. [SEP] He 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
1	Bluto (also known as Brutus) is a cartoon and comics character created in 1932 by Elzie Crisler Segar as a one-time character, named "Bluto the Terrible", in his Thimble Theatre comic strip (later renamed Popeye). [SEP] `` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
1	Kerry Lauren Fox (born 30 July 1966) is a New Zealand actress. [SEP] And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
1	Lymphadenopathy or adenopathy is disease of the lymph nodes, in which they are abnormal in size, number, or consistency. [SEP] Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
1	I, Robot (stylized as i, ROBOT) is a 2004 American neo-noir dystopian science fiction action film directed by Alex Proyas. [SEP] In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
1	In mathematics, a ratio is a relationship between two numbers indicating how many times the first number contains the second. [SEP] Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
1	The New York Rangers are an American professional ice hockey team based in New York City that competes in the National Hockey League (NHL). [SEP] It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
1	Zadie Smith FRSL (born on 25 October 1975) is an English novelist, essayist, and short story writer. [SEP] The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
1	The year 1942 in film involved some significant events, in particular the release of a film consistently rated as one of the greatest of all time, Casablanca. [SEP] Y Tu Mamá También is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt .
1	The occipital artery arises from the external carotid artery opposite the facial artery. [SEP] ... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
1	The Montreux Jazz Festival (formerly Festival de Jazz Montreux and Festival International de Jazz Montreux) is a music festival in Switzerland, held annually in early July in Montreux on the Lake Geneva shoreline. [SEP] You come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
1	This page indexes the individual year in British television pages. [SEP] If the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
1	The Greek military junta of 1967–74, commonly known as the Regime of the Colonels (, ), or in Greece simply The Junta ( or; ,), The Dictatorship (, ) and The Seven Years (, ), was a series of right-wing military juntas that ruled Greece following the 1967 Greek coup d'état led by a group of colonels on 21 April 1967. [SEP] Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
1	Paris Aéroport, formerly Aéroports de Paris or ADP (Paris Airports), is the airport authority that owns and manages the fourteen civil airports and airfields in the Île-de-France (Paris) area. [SEP] A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
1	The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California. [SEP] All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
1	The Woodlanders is a novel by Thomas Hardy. [SEP] The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .
1	Marianna Zorba (; born 1967) is a Greek singer and a music teacher. [SEP] A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .
1	Heavy metal (or simply metal) is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom and the United States. [SEP] The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
1	Victoria Christina Hesketh (born 4 May 1984), better known by her stage name Little Boots, is an English electropop singer-songwriter and DJ. [SEP] A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
1	Keith Barron (born 8 August 1934) is an English actor and television presenter, well-known from numerous roles on British television from the 1960s to the present day. [SEP] A beautiful paean to a time long past .
1	The operas listed cover all important genres, and include all operas regularly performed today, from seventeenth-century works by Monteverdi, Cavalli, and Purcell to late twentieth-century operas by Messiaen, Berio, Glass, Adams, Birtwistle, and Weir. [SEP] With this masterful , flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
1	Songs for Swingin' Lovers! [SEP] Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .
1	Heathcliff (aka Heathcliff and The Catillac Cats) is a French-Canadian-American animated television series that debuted on September 5, 1984. [SEP] This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
1	The history of Greenland is a history of life under extreme Arctic conditions: currently, an ice cap covers about 80 percent of the island, restricting human activity largely to the coasts. [SEP] Splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
1	Housing in Japan includes modern and traditional styles. [SEP] A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
1	Slik were a Scottish pop group of the mid-1970s, most notable for their UK no. [SEP] She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
1	:See also List of battalions of the King's Regiment (Liverpool) [SEP] To those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
1	Julius Caesar "J. C." Watts, Jr. (born November 18, 1957) is an American politician from Oklahoma who was a college football quarterback for the Oklahoma Sooners and later played professionally in the Canadian Football League. [SEP] Even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
1	Printmaking is the process of making artworks by printing, normally on paper. [SEP] A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
1	Here is the complete list of fixtures and results of test match rugby in 2009. [SEP] It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
1	Stéphane Rolland is a French fashion designer and an haute couture fashion brand. [SEP] Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
1	Roger Meddows Taylor (born 26 July 1949) is an English musician, multi-instrumentalist, singer and songwriter. [SEP] Touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
1	In Anglo-Irish history, the lordship of a manor is a lordship emanating from the feudal system of manorialism. [SEP] A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .
1	Cyanobacteria, also known as Cyanophyta, is a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis. [SEP] A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .
1	Starfish or sea stars are star-shaped echinoderms belonging to the class Asteroidea. [SEP] A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
1	The human eye is an organ that reacts to light and has several purposes. [SEP] The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
1	On the site of the Capitol Complex, in Tallahassee, Florida, US, are four very different buildings. [SEP] Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
1	The North Sea Empire or Anglo-Norse Empire is the name usually given to the kingdoms ruled by Cnut the Great as king of England, Denmark, Norway, and parts of what is now Sweden between 1016 and 1035. [SEP] Although shot with little style , Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
1	Leoš Janáček (, baptised Leo Eugen Janáček; 3 July 1854 – 12 August 1928) was a Czech composer, musical theorist, folklorist, publicist and teacher. [SEP] Harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
1	The identity of the longest word in English depends upon the definition of what constitutes a word in the English language, as well as how length should be compared. [SEP] Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
1	Infante Henrique of Portugal, Duke of Viseu (4 March 1394 – 13 November 1460), better known as Henry the Navigator (), was an important figure in 15th-century Portuguese politics and in the early days of the Portuguese Empire. [SEP] It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
1	Tomato sauce refers to any of a very large number of sauces made primarily from tomatoes, usually to be served as part of a dish (rather than as a condiment). [SEP] A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
1	Kenneth Daniel "Kenny" Ball (22 May 1930 – 7 March 2013) was an English jazz musician, best known as the bandleader, lead trumpet player and vocalist in Kenny Ball and his Jazzmen. [SEP] Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
1	Bluto (also known as Brutus) is a cartoon and comics character created in 1932 by Elzie Crisler Segar as a one-time character, named "Bluto the Terrible", in his Thimble Theatre comic strip (later renamed Popeye). [SEP] It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
1	#Redirect The Lion KingEmily Elizabeth Dickinson (December 10, 1830 – May 15, 1886) was an American poet. [SEP] Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
1	The founding of Rome can be investigated through archaeology, but traditional stories handed down by the ancient Romans themselves explain the earliest history of their city in terms of legend and myth. [SEP] It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
1	Donnie Brasco is a 1997 American crime drama film directed by Mike Newell and starring Al Pacino and Johnny Depp. [SEP] ` Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
0	The Siege of Malta was a military campaign in the Mediterranean Theatre of the Second World War. [SEP] Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .
1	The South African cricket team toured New Zealand from 17 February to 27 March 2012. [SEP] He drags it back , single-handed .
1	An oranda is a breed of goldfish characterized by a prominent bubble-like "hood" on the head. [SEP] A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .
1	Ludvig Holberg, Baron of Holberg (3 December 1684 – 28 January 1754) was a writer, essayist, philosopher, historian and playwright born in Bergen, Norway, during the time of the Dano-Norwegian double monarchy. [SEP] If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
1	Prepatellar bursitis is an inflammation of the prepatellar bursa at the front of the knee. [SEP] ... -LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
1	The Ishihara test is a color perception test for red-green color deficiencies. [SEP] The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .
1	Polyorchidism is the incidence of more than two testicles. [SEP] Broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
0	Joseph Glidden (1813-1906) was an American businessman. [SEP] He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
1	Neroli oil is an essential oil produced from the blossom of the bitter orange tree (Citrus aurantium subsp. [SEP] It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .
1	The Olympiastadion Berlin is a sports stadium in Berlin, Germany. [SEP] The film oozes craft .
1	Masvingo (before 1982 known as Fort Victoria) is a town in south-eastern Zimbabwe and the capital of Masvingo Province. [SEP] Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .
1	On 2 July 2005, a Live 8 concert was held at Makuhari Messe, Chiba, Japan. [SEP] Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
1	Richard John Bingham, 7th Earl of Lucan (born 18 December 1934; presumed dead), commonly known as Lord Lucan, was a British peer suspected of murder who disappeared in 1974. [SEP] A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
1	Old Sparky is the nickname of the electric chairs in Arkansas, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Nebraska, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia. [SEP] a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
1	SMS language or textese (also known as txt-speak, txtese, chatspeak, txt, txtspk, txtk, txto, texting language, txt lingo, SMSish, txtslang, txt talk) or "texting language" is a term for the abbreviations and slang commonly used with mobile phone text messaging, but sometimes used with other Internet-based communication such as email and instant messaging. [SEP] Washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
1	Saint Fillan, Filan, Phillan, Fáelán (Old Irish) or Faolan (modern Gaelic) is the name of probably two Scottish saints, of Irish origin. [SEP] The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
1	The Vietnam Solidarity Campaign (VSC) was originally set up in 1966 by activists around the International Group with the personal and financial support of Bertrand Russell. [SEP] A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
1	The United States of America (USA), commonly referred to as the United States (U.S.) or America, is a federal republic composed of 50 states, the federal district of Washington, D.C., five major self-governing territories, and various possessions. [SEP] Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .
1	Dame Jacqueline Wilson, DBE, FRSL (born 17 December 1945) is an English writer of children's literature. [SEP] Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
1	Thiamine, thiamin, or vitamin B1 ( ), named as the "thio-vitamine" ("sulfur-containing vitamin") is a vitamin of the B complex. [SEP] The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
1	Saint Patrick's Day, or the Feast of Saint Patrick (, "the Day of the Festival of Patrick"), is a cultural and religious celebration held on 17 March, the traditional death date of Saint Patrick ( AD 385–461), the foremost patron saint of Ireland. [SEP] Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
1	The cubic foot is an imperial and US customary (non-metric) unit of volume, used in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. [SEP] It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .
1	Masticophis flagellum is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake, commonly referred to as the coachwhip or the whip snake, which is endemic to the United States and Mexico. [SEP] It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
1	Brockworth is a village in Gloucestershire, England, situated on the old Roman road that connects the City of Gloucester with Barnwood, Hucclecote and Cirencester. [SEP] A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
1	The Edward R. Murrow Awards are presented by the Radio Television Digital News Association (formerly the Radio-Television News Directors Association) in recognition of what the Association terms "outstanding achievements in electronic journalism." [SEP] It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
1	The following list of disasters in Great Britain and Ireland is a list of major disasters (excluding acts of war but including acts of terrorism) which relate to the United Kingdom since 1801, or the states that preceded it (England and Wales and Scotland before 1707, Ireland and Great Britain from 1707 to 1800), or involved their citizens, in a definable incident or accident such as a shipwreck, where the loss of life was forty or more. [SEP] Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
0	Most scholars who study the historical Jesus and early Christianity believe that the canonical gospels and life of Jesus must be viewed within his historical and cultural context, rather than purely in terms of Christian orthodoxy. [SEP] Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
1	Central European Time (CET), used in most parts of the European Union and a few North African countries, is a standard time which is 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). [SEP] That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .
1	Dating is process of estimating the age of ancient materials and deposits remains or determining a chronology or calendar of events in the history of Earth. [SEP] An elegant work , Food of Love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
1	Ludwig van Beethoven wrote his 32 piano sonatas between 1795 and 1822. [SEP] Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
1	Buick, formally the Buick Motor Division, is an upscale automobile brand of the American manufacturer General Motors (GM). [SEP] A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
1	The gestatorial chair (sedia gestatoria in Italian, lit. [SEP] In its own floundering way , it gets to you .
1	The 2013 Superbike World Championship was the twenty-sixth season of the Superbike World Championship. [SEP] Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .
1	Jules Léotard (; 1 March 1838 - 17 August 1870) was a French acrobatic performer and aerialist who developed the art of trapeze. [SEP] Wise and deadpan humorous .
1	The Atari 2600 (or Atari VCS before 1982) is a home video game console released on September 11, 1977 by Atari, Inc. [SEP] God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
1	María del Carmen Polo y Martínez-Valdés, 1st Lady of Meirás, Grandee of Spain (11 June 1900 – 6 February 1988) was the wife of General Francisco Franco. [SEP] Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
1	"Moon Over Naples" is a 1965 instrumental composed and originally performed by German bandleader Bert Kaempfert and was the first track on his album, The Magic Music of Far Away Places for Decca Records. [SEP] You can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
1	Spiny lobsters, also known as langouste or rock lobsters, are a family (Palinuridae) of about 60 species of achelate crustaceans, in the Decapoda Reptantia. [SEP] It thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .
1	The Kasubi Tombs in Kampala, Uganda, is the site of the burial grounds for four kabakas (kings of Buganda) and other members of the Baganda royal family. [SEP] This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
1	#Redirect The Grapes of WrathPsychomotor agitation is a set of signs and symptoms that stem from mental tension and anxiety. [SEP] Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
1	Insein Prison () is located in Yangon Division, near Yangon (Rangoon), the old capital of Myanmar. [SEP] Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
1	John Goodwin Tower (September 29, 1925 – April 5, 1991) was the first Republican United States senator from Texas since Reconstruction. [SEP] -LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
1	Because of Germany's geographic position in the centre of Europe, as well as its long history as a non-united region of distinct tribes and states, there are many widely varying names of Germany in different languages, perhaps more so than for any other European nation. [SEP] Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
1	One Foot in the Grave is a British BBC television sitcom series written by David Renwick. [SEP] a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
1	Hope and Glory is a BBC television drama about a comprehensive school struggling with financial, staffing and disciplinary problems, and faced with closure. [SEP] Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
1	A brooch is a decorative jewellery item designed to be attached to garments, often to hold them closed. [SEP] The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
1	The Millennium Falcon is a spacecraft in the Star Wars universe commanded by Corellian smuggler Han Solo (Harrison Ford) and his Wookiee first mate, Chewbacca (Peter Mayhew). [SEP] What one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
0	The demographics of South Africa encompasses about 53 million people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. [SEP] Nothing too deep or substantial .
1	The Battle of Britain (German: die Luftschlacht um England, literally "Air battle for England") was a combat of the Second World War, when the Royal Air Force ("RAF") defended the United Kingdom ("UK") against the German Air Force (Luftwaffe) attacks from the end of June 1940. [SEP] Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
1	The Private Life of Henry VIII is a 1933 British film, directed and co-produced by Alexander Korda and starring Charles Laughton, Robert Donat, Merle Oberon and Elsa Lanchester. [SEP] ... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
1	Sir Konstantin Sergeevich Novoselov (born 1974) is a Russian-British physicist, and Langworthy Professor in the School of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Manchester. [SEP] Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
1	Sulfur mustard, commonly known as mustard gas, is a cytotoxic and vesicant chemical warfare agent with the ability to form large blisters on the exposed skin and in the lungs. [SEP] Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
1	William Pitt the Younger (28 May 1759 – 23 January 1806) was a British politician of the late 18th and early 19th centuries. [SEP] As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
1	A bead is a small, decorative object that is formed in a variety of shapes and sizes of a material such as stone, bone, shell, glass, plastic, wood or pearl and that a small hole is drilled for threading or stringing. [SEP] A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
1	is a type of poetry in classical Japanese literature. [SEP] Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
1	Morrisons is the fourth largest chain of supermarkets in the United Kingdom, headquartered in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. [SEP] It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works .
1	Adam Peaty (born 28 December 1994) is an English competitive swimmer and breaststroke specialist who has represented Great Britain at the FINA world championships and European championships, and England in the Commonwealth Games. [SEP] Her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
1	The Dartford-Thurrock River Crossing, commonly known as the Dartford Crossing and until 1991 the Dartford Tunnel, is a major road crossing of the River Thames in England, connecting Dartford in Kent to the south to Thurrock in Essex to the north. [SEP] Though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
1	Steve Elliott Smith (born August 21, 1954 in Whitman, Massachusetts) is an American drummer known for being the drummer of the rock band Journey rejoining the band for the third time in 2015. [SEP] Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
1	Spartacus is a 1960 American epic historical drama film directed by Stanley Kubrick. [SEP] You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
1	The method of exhaustion (, or ) is a method of finding the area of a shape by inscribing inside it a sequence of polygons whose areas converge to the area of the containing shape. [SEP] Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
1	The Magnificat (Latin: ), also known as the Song of Mary, the Canticle of Mary, and, in the Byzantine tradition, the Ode of the Theotokos (), is a canticle frequently sung or spoken liturgically in Christian church services. [SEP] A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
1	The Qibla (, "direction"), also transliterated as Qiblah, Qibleh, Kiblah, Kıble or Kibla, is the direction that should be faced when a Muslim prays during salat. [SEP] Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
0	Norman Scott (August 10, 1889 – November 13, 1942) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy, and was one of only two U.S. Navy admirals killed in action during a surface battle in World War II. [SEP] Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-
1	Disqualifications in tennis can occur for unsporting conduct. [SEP] , The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
1	The lux (symbol: lx) is the SI unit of illuminance and luminous emittance, measuring luminous flux per unit area. [SEP] A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
1	Terry Southern (May 1, 1924 – October 29, 1995) was an American novelist, essayist, screenwriter, and university lecturer, noted for his distinctive satirical style. [SEP] One of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years .
1	Saruman the White is a fictional character and a major antagonist in J. R. R. Tolkien's fantasy novel The Lord of the Rings. [SEP] For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .
1	Kimchi (,;), also spelled kimchee or gimchi, is a traditional fermented Korean side dish made of vegetables with a variety of seasonings. [SEP] One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
0	John Michael Crichton (; October 23, 1942 – November 4, 2008) was an American best-selling author, physician, producer, director, and screenwriter, best known for his work in the science fiction, medical fiction and thriller genres. [SEP] What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
1	Sacrebleu is a very old French profanity meant as a cry of surprise or happiness. [SEP] But it 's worth the concentration .
1	In archaeology, rock art is human-made markings placed on natural stone; it is largely synonymous with parietal art. [SEP] Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made , Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
0	A hookah (see other names) is a single or multi-stemmed instrument for vaporizing and smoking flavored tobacco or cannabis, called shisha, whose vapor or smoke is passed through a water basin—often glass-based—before inhalation. [SEP] Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
1	William Clarke (c. April, 1609 – 1682) was an apothecary who provided lodgings for a young Isaac Newton whilst he attended the King's School in Grantham. [SEP] A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
1	Crystallization is the (natural or artificial) process where a solid forms where the atoms or molecules are highly organized in a structure known as a crystal. [SEP] The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
1	While women in Japan were recognized as having equal legal rights to men after World War II, economic conditions for women remain unbalanced. [SEP] It 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
1	Hungary has had a notable cinema industry from the beginning of the 20th century, with Hungarians who affected the world of motion picture both inside and outside the borders. [SEP] Dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
1	The Tonight Show with Jay Leno is an American late-night talk show hosted by Jay Leno that initially aired from May 25, 1992 to May 29, 2009, and resumed production on March 1, 2010 until its ending on February 6, 2014. [SEP] It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
1	The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is an American children's novel written by author L. Frank Baum and illustrated by W. W. Denslow, originally published by the George M. Hill Company in Chicago on May 17, 1900. [SEP] Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
1	The Welsh Corgi (; Welsh for "dwarf dog") is a small type of herding dog that originated in Wales. [SEP] If you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with Jason X.
1	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing. [SEP] This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
1	Affinity is a 1999 historical fiction novel by Sarah Waters. [SEP] The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
1	Little Ivies (or singular: Little Ivy) is an academic and descriptive term that has been used in the United States to characterize eight private liberal arts colleges in the Northeastern United States. [SEP] You 'll know a star when you see one .
0	The River Stour ( or ) is a river in East Anglia, England. [SEP] Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
0	A bottle is a rigid container with a neck that is narrower than the body and a mouth. [SEP] You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .
1	George Castriot (); 1405–17 January 1468), known as Skanderbeg ( from ), was an Albanian nobleman and military commander, who served the Ottoman Empire in 1423–43, the Republic of Venice in 1443–47, and lastly the Kingdom of Naples until his death. [SEP] But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
0	"All Fall Down" is the name of a 1985 hit single by British pop group Five Star. [SEP] contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
1	The Cuban Revolution (1953–59) was an armed revolt conducted by Fidel Castro's 26th of July Movement and its allies against the U.S.-backed authoritarian government of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista. [SEP] A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
1	Ketevan is the sixth studio album by Georgian-British singer Katie Melua, released in the United Kingdom on 16 September 2013 through Dramatico. [SEP] For a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
1	National parks of Scotland are managed areas of outstanding landscape where habitation and commercial activities are restricted. [SEP] It 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .
1	The Great Sphinx of Giza ( , ; literally: Father of Dread), commonly referred to as the Sphinx of Giza or just the Sphinx, is a limestone statue of a reclining or couchant sphinx (a mythical creature with a lion's body and a human head) that stands on the Giza Plateau on the west bank of the Nile in Giza, Egypt. [SEP] Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
1	Twister is a game of physical skill produced by Milton Bradley Company and Winning Moves, that has been inducted into the American National Toy Hall of Fame. [SEP] It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
1	The Family Reunion is a play by T. S. Eliot. [SEP] It 's sweet .
1	The Jedi are the main protagonists in the fictional Star Wars universe. [SEP] It 's funny .
0	A sight is a device used to assist aligning or aim weapons, surveying instruments, or other items by eye. [SEP] It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .
1	Sir Michael Terence Wogan, (, 3 August 1938 – 31 January 2016), known popularly as Terry Wogan, or Sir Terry, was a radio and television broadcaster from Ireland who worked for the BBC in the UK for most of his career. [SEP] And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
1	Sticks and Stones (stylized as Sticks + Stones for its European release and Sticks & Stones for its North American and Australian release) is the debut studio album by English recording artist Cher Lloyd. [SEP] It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
1	' (Be still, stop chattering), BWV 211, also known as the Coffee Cantata, is a secular cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach. [SEP] A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
1	Avignon (; ; , ), is a commune in south-eastern France in the department of Vaucluse on the left bank of the Rhône river. [SEP] The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson .
1	VisitEngland is the official tourist board for England. [SEP] ... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
1	Tallow is a rendered form of beef or mutton fat, processed from suet. [SEP] The beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
1	Peter Pan is a 1953 American animated fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney and based on the play Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up by J. M. Barrie. [SEP] Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
1	Arctium is a genus of biennial plants commonly known as burdock, family Asteraceae. [SEP] Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
1	A mnemonic (RpE:, AmE: the first "m" is silent) device, or memory device is any learning technique that aids information retention in the human memory. [SEP] While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
1	The Serjeant Painter was an honorable and lucrative position with the British monarchy. [SEP] The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
1	Shut That Door! [SEP] A marvel of production design .
1	Toilet paper is a tissue paper product primarily used for wiping and cleaning the anus and surrounding area of fecal material after defecation and by human females for cleaning the perineal area of urine after urination and other bodily fluid releases. [SEP] The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
1	Invasions of the British Isles have occurred throughout modern history. [SEP] Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
1	The Academy Juvenile Award, also known as the Juvenile Oscar, was a Special Honorary Academy Award bestowed at the discretion of the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to specifically recognize juvenile performers under the age of eighteen for their "outstanding contributions to screen entertainment". [SEP] Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .
1	Mallerstang is a civil parish in the extreme east of Cumbria, and, geographically, a dale at the head of the upper Eden Valley. [SEP] Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
1	There are two competing notions of the predicate in theories of grammar. [SEP] Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
1	DJ Magazine (also known as DJ Mag) is a British monthly magazine dedicated to electronic dance music and DJs. [SEP] Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
1	Scarface is a 1983 American crime film directed by Brian De Palma and written by Oliver Stone, a remake of the 1932 film of the same name. [SEP] Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
1	The Doric order was one of the three orders of ancient Greek or classical architecture; the other two canonical orders were the Ionic and the Corinthian. [SEP] He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
1	Pottery is the ceramic material which makes up potterywares, of which major types include earthenware, stoneware and porcelain. [SEP] Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
1	The Aberfan disaster was a catastrophic collapse of a colliery spoil tip in the Welsh village of Aberfan, near Merthyr Tydfil, on 21 October 1966, which killed 116 children and 28 adults. [SEP] UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
1	60 Minutes is an American newsmagazine television program broadcast on the CBS television network. [SEP] A lot smarter than your average Bond .
1	A table is an item of furniture with a flat top and one or more legs, used as a surface for working at or on which to place things. [SEP] ... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
1	Elizabethan Serenade is a light music composition by Ronald Binge. [SEP] Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
1	Computer-aided drafting (CAD) is the use of computer systems to aid in the creation, modification, analysis, or optimization of a design. [SEP] Part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
1	The President of the Soviet Union (), officially called President of the USSR () or President of the Union of the Soviet Socialist Republics (), was the head of state of the Soviet Union from 15 March 1990 to 25 December 1991. [SEP] So fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
1	Yasmin ( ') is a feminine given name. [SEP] Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
1	Adam Mitchel Lambert (born January 29, 1982) is an American singer, songwriter and stage actor. [SEP] A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
1	American Conservatism is a broad system of political beliefs in the United States that is characterized by respect for American traditions, support for libertarian economic ideas, Judeo-Christian values, anti-communism, advocacy of American exceptionalism and a defense of Western culture from perceived threats posed by creeping socialism, moral relativism, multiculturalism, and liberal internationalism. [SEP] Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
1	Vincent M. Spano (born October 18, 1962) is an American film, stage and television actor; he is also a film director and producer. [SEP] It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
1	Rubella, also known as German measles or three-day measles, is an infection caused by the rubella virus. [SEP] Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
1	A chargé d'affaires, often shortened to chargé, is a diplomat who heads an embassy in the absence of the ambassador. [SEP] Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
1	Memphis is a city in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Tennessee and the county seat of Shelby County. [SEP] A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
1	The women's cycling team pursuit at the 2012 Olympic Games in London was held at the London Velopark on 3 and 4 August. [SEP] May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
1	Metaphysics is a traditional branch of philosophy concerned with explaining the fundamental nature of being and the world that encompasses it, although the term is not easily defined. [SEP] A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
1	Antonio Salieri (; 18 August 1750 - 7 May 1825) was an Italian classical composer, conductor, and teacher. [SEP] Exhilarating , funny and fun .
1	In softball and baseball statistics, on-base percentage (OBP; sometimes referred to as on-base average/OBA, as the statistic is rarely presented as a true percentage) is a measure of how often a batter reaches base for any reason other than a fielding error, fielder's choice, dropped/uncaught third strike, fielder's obstruction, or catcher's interference (the latter two are ignored as times-on-base (TOB). [SEP] While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
1	An android is a robot or synthetic organism designed to look and act like a human, especially one with a body having a flesh-like resemblance. [SEP] It 's worth taking the kids to .
1	Dr Tony Hill is a fictional character created by Scottish crime writer Val McDermid. [SEP] In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
1	The Oregon Trail is a 2170 mi historic east–west, large-wheeled wagon route and emigrant trail that connected the Missouri River to valleys in Oregon. [SEP] Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
1	Aorangi Terrace, commonly known as "Henman Hill", alongside a series of other nicknames, is a mostly grassed banked area in the grounds of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club where, during the annual Wimbledon tennis championship, crowds of people without showcourt tickets can watch the tennis matches live on a giant television screen at the side of No. [SEP] The action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .
1	A poll tax, also known as a head tax or capitation, is a tax of a uniform, fixed amount applied to an individual in accordance with the census (as opposed to a percentage of income, or any proxy for ability-to-pay). [SEP] Norton is magnetic as Graham .
1	The binturong ( ) (Arctictis binturong), also known as bearcat, is a viverrid native to South and Southeast Asia. [SEP] Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
1	An alderman is a member of a municipal assembly or council in many jurisdictions founded upon English law. [SEP] Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
1	Above Suspicion is a 1995 American made-for-television thriller film starring Christopher Reeve, Joe Mantegna and Kim Cattrall. [SEP] It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
1	2013 was designated as: [SEP] `` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
1	This is a list of countries which border two or more oceans, including both sovereign states and dependencies, provided the same contiguous territory borders on more than one of the five named oceans, the Pacific, Atlantic, Indian, Southern, and Arctic. [SEP] A great companion piece to other Napoleon films .
0	Naomi Elaine Campbell (born 22 May 1970) is an English model. [SEP] To some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
1	Honey, I Shrunk the Kids is a 1989 American science fiction family film. [SEP] To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
1	Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng () is a national park and UNESCO World Heritage Site in the Bố Trạch and Minh Hóa districts of central Quảng Bình Province in the North Central Coast region, about 500 km south of Hanoi. [SEP] Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
1	The Achaemenid Empire (, Old Persian Haxāmanišiya, ), also called the First Persian Empire, was an empire based in Western Asia, founded by Cyrus the Great, notable for including various civilizations and becoming the largest empire of ancient history, spanning at its maximum extent from the Balkans and Eastern Europe proper in the west, to the Indus Valley in the east. [SEP] A remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
1	"No Surprises" is a song by the English alternative rock band Radiohead. [SEP] Berling and Béart ... continue to impress , and Isabelle Huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
1	The University of Salford is a public research university in Salford, England, west of Manchester city centre. [SEP] Uplifting , funny and wise .
1	An apocrine sweat gland (,, or, from Greek apo– "away" and krinein "to separate") is a type of merocrine sweat gland composed of a coiled secretory portion located at the junction of the dermis and subcutaneous fat, from which a straight portion inserts and secretes into the infundibular portion of the hair follicle. [SEP] Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
1	The Chevrolet Aveo ( ) is a subcompact car manufactured since 2002, originally by Daewoo—and later by other General Motors-affiliated entities. [SEP] The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
1	"Beat the Clock" is a disco single by the American rock duo Sparks, which was released in 1979. [SEP] Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him .
1	The Honda Fireblade is a family of sport motorcycles manufactured by Honda since 1992. [SEP] A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .
1	Julian Bleach (born 1963 ) is an English actor who is best known as co-creator and "MC" of Shockheaded Peter, a musical entertainment based on the works of Heinrich Hoffmann, which won the 2002 Olivier Award for Best Entertainment. [SEP] wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
0	is a Japanese multinational consumer electronics company headquartered in Kyoto, Japan. [SEP] The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
1	England and Wales () is a jurisdiction covering England and Wales, two of the four countries of the United Kingdom, which form the constitutional successor to the former Kingdom of England and follow a single legal system, known as English law. [SEP] This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .
1	The Renault Mégane is a small family car produced by the French manufacturer Renault since 1995, and was the successor to the Renault 19. [SEP] Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
1	A number of universities in the United Kingdom are composed of colleges. [SEP] That the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
1	The National Museum of the United States Air Force (formerly the United States Air Force Museum) is the official museum of the United States Air Force located at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, 6 mi northeast of Dayton, Ohio. [SEP] While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
1	Civil and political rights are a class of rights that protect individuals' freedom from infringement by governments, social organizations, and private individuals. [SEP] ... a solid , unassuming drama .
1	#RedirectMarylebone Cricket ClubThe Boxing Day Test match is a cricket Test match held in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia involving the Australian cricket team and an opposing national team which is touring Australia that summer. [SEP] A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .
1	G4 are a four-piece British vocal troupe who first came to prominence when they finished second in Series 1 of The X Factor in 2004, and are known for their operatic delivery of modern pop songs. [SEP] The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .
1	Citrus unshiu is a seedless and easy-peeling citrus species, also known as unshu mikan, cold hardy mandarin, satsuma mandarin, satsuma orange, Christmas orange, and tangerine. [SEP] It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette .
1	The London Borough of Haringey [SEP] My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
1	Events [SEP] Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
1	The Judgement of Paris, Peter Paul Rubens, c. 1636 (National Gallery, London) [SEP] The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
1	The belt regions of the United States are portions of the country that share certain characteristics. [SEP] ... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
1	Anton Bruckner (; - ) was an Austrian composer known for his symphonies, masses, and motets. [SEP] For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
1	Myositis is a general term for inflammation of the muscles. [SEP] Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
1	Chronos (; , "time," also transliterated as Khronos or Latinised as Chronus) is the personification of Time in pre-Socratic philosophy and later literature. [SEP] You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
1	Dewsbury Rams RLFC is a semi-professional English rugby league club based in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire which currently competes in the Kingstone Press Championship. [SEP] There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note .
1	Big Bend National Park in the U.S. state of Texas has national significance as the largest protected area of Chihuahuan Desert topography and ecology in the United States. [SEP] By applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
1	Jenny Pitman (born 11 June 1946ISBN 1-85225-254-5 "Jenny Pitman, The Autobiography" ) is a former British racehorse trainer and author. [SEP] Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
1	The New Zealand cricket team, nicknamed the Black Caps, are the national cricket team representing New Zealand. [SEP] -LRB- Cuarón has -RRB- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
1	A shopping mall is a modern, chiefly North American, term for a form of shopping precinct or shopping center, in which one or more buildings form a complex of shops representing merchandisers with interconnecting walkways that enable customers to walk from unit to unit. [SEP] Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
1	D major (or the key of D) is a major scale based on D, consisting of the pitches D, E, F, G, A, B, and C. Its key signature consists of two sharps. [SEP] Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
1	Napalm is a flammable liquid used in warfare. [SEP] It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
1	Ketchum is a city in Blaine County, Idaho, United States, in the central part of the state. [SEP] Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
1	Jomo Kenyatta International Airport is an international airport in Nairobi, the capital of and largest city in Kenya. [SEP] Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .
1	"Don't ask, don't tell" (DADT) was the official United States policy on military service by gays, bisexuals, and lesbians, instituted by the Clinton Administration on February 28, 1994, when Department of Defense Directive 1304.26 issued on December 21, 1993, took effect, lasting until September 20, 2011. [SEP] And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
1	The trucker's hitch is a compound knot commonly used for securing loads on trucks or trailers. [SEP] After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .
1	A magnifying glass (called a hand lens in laboratory contexts) is a convex lens that is used to produce a magnified image of an object. [SEP] The footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
1	In cricket, a duck is a batsman's dismissal for a score of zero. [SEP] ... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
1	John Ernst Steinbeck, Jr. (February 27, 1902 – December 20, 1968) was an American author of twenty-seven books, including sixteen novels, six non-fiction books, and five collections of short stories. [SEP] Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .
1	Pamela Howard Shriver (born July 4, 1962) is an American former professional tennis player known primarily as a doubles specialist with success also as a singles player. [SEP] Moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
1	The Philippines was under a state of emergency, announced by presidential spokesperson Ignacio Bunye on the morning of February 24, 2006, by the virtue of Proclamation No. [SEP] The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
1	Ghosts (original title: Gengangere) is a play by the Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen. [SEP] Features Fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
1	A task force (TF) is a unit or formation established to work on a single defined task or activity. [SEP] Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
1	Belfast West is a parliamentary constituency in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. [SEP] Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
1	The Western Cape (, ) is a province of South Africa, situated in the south-western part of the country. [SEP] Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
1	Pearson PLC is a British multinational publishing and education company headquartered in London. [SEP] Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
1	Arches National Park is a US National Park in eastern Utah. [SEP] A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
1	Nigel Paul Farage (; born 3 April 1964) is a British politician who was the leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) from September 2006 to November 2009, and again from November 2010 to July 2016. [SEP] This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
1	An aerosol is a colloid of fine solid particles or liquid droplets, in air or another gas. [SEP] Delight your senses and crash this wedding !
0	Grace Brewster Murray Hopper (December 9, 1906 - January 1, 1992), Grace Brewster Murray, was an American computer scientist and United States Navy Rear Admiral. [SEP] A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .
1	The Norwegian Campaign (9 April to 10 June 1940), was fought in Norway between the Allies and Germany in World War II after the latter's invasion of the country. [SEP] More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
1	The is a north-flowing ocean current on the west side of the North Pacific Ocean. [SEP] Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
1	The Spirit of St. Louis (Registration: N-X-211) is the custom-built, single engine, single-seat monoplane that was flown solo by Charles Lindbergh on May 20–21, 1927, on the first solo non-stop transatlantic flight from Long Island, New York, to Paris, France, for which Lindbergh won the $25,000 Orteig Prize. [SEP] With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
1	The Departed is a 2006 American crime drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by William Monahan. [SEP] A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
1	The , often shortened to Inland Sea, is the body of water separating Honshū, Shikoku, and Kyūshū, three of the four main islands of Japan. [SEP] ... even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
1	The term in loco parentis, Latin for "in the place of a parent" refers to the legal responsibility of a person or organization to take on some of the functions and responsibilities of a parent. [SEP] As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
1	Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair () is a collection of romantic poems by the Chilean poet Pablo Neruda, first published in 1924 when Neruda was 19. [SEP] The story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
1	"Don't be evil" is the corporate motto (or slogan) of Google. [SEP] -LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
1	The US Open is a Grand Slam tennis tournament held in New York City at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in the area of Flushing Meadows. [SEP] Viva le Resistance !
1	Elia Meschak (born 6 August 1997) is a Congolese professional footballer.Louise Amanda Harman (born 19 December 1985), better known by the stage name Lady Sovereign, is an English rapper. [SEP] It offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
1	Moruroa (Mururoa, Mururura), also historically known as Aopuni, is an atoll which forms part of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia in the southern Pacific Ocean. [SEP] The film is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann .
1	The Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award, or Super Bowl MVP, is presented annually to the most valuable player of the Super Bowl, the National Football League's (NFL) championship game. [SEP] an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
1	Carole Hersee (born 25 November 1958 in Redhill, Surrey) is a costume designer who is best known for appearing in the centrepiece of the United Kingdom television Test Card F (and latterly J, W, and X), which aired on BBC Television from 1967 to 1998. [SEP] If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then Triple X marks the spot .
0	Wham! [SEP] If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia
1	Matoaka is a small town in Mercer County, West Virginia, United States. [SEP] May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
1	A riot is a form of civil disorder commonly characterized by a group lashing out in a violent public disturbance against authority, property or people. [SEP] The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
1	The African Union (AU) is a continental union consisting of 54 countries in Africa. [SEP] A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
1	"I'm Not in Love" is a song by English group 10cc, written by band members Eric Stewart and Graham Gouldman. [SEP] The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
1	Meteor Crater is a meteorite impact crater approximately 37 mi east of Flagstaff and 18 mi west of Winslow in the northern Arizona desert of the United States. [SEP] The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
1	Several bridges are known as the Millennium Bridge: [SEP] Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
1	Munich is a 2005 American-Canadian historical drama and political thriller film based on Operation Wrath of God, the Israeli government's secret retaliation against the Palestine Liberation Organization after the Munich massacre at the 1972 Summer Olympics. [SEP] The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .
1	The Lockheed P-2 Neptune (designated P2V by the United States Navy prior to September 1962) was a Maritime patrol and anti-submarine warfare (ASW) aircraft. [SEP] Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
1	Gregory Fishbeck Knapp (born March 5, 1963) is an American football coach who is the quarterbacks coach and passing game coordinator for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL). [SEP] As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
1	List of current and past men's and women's tennis tournaments. [SEP] Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .
1	A pillow is used to sleep on and support the head/neck or other parts of the body while sleeping, lying down or sitting. [SEP] So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
1	"New York Mining Disaster 1941" is an American debut single by the Bee Gees, released in 1967. [SEP] It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
1	An observation tower is a structure used to view events from a long distance and to create a full 360 degree range of vision. [SEP] A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
1	Northamptonshire County Cricket Club is one of eighteen first-class county clubs within the domestic cricket structure of England and Wales. [SEP] Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
1	Memory sport, sometimes referred to as competitive memory or the mind sport of memory, is a competition in which participants attempt to memorize the most information that they can then present back, under certain guidelines. [SEP] The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from Portugal .
1	Radon is a chemical element with symbol Rn and atomic number 86. [SEP] The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
1	Mike Gambit (or Michael Gambit) is a fictional character in the British TV series The New Avengers, played by actor Gareth Hunt. [SEP] Art-house to the core , Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
0	In food processing, brining (to brine) is treating something with brine or steeping it in brine. [SEP] Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
1	French Polynesia (; ; ) is an overseas collectivity of the French Republic; (COM), sometimes unofficially referred to as an overseas country; (POM). [SEP] Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
1	Randolph Adolphus Turpin (7 June 1928 – 17 May 1966), better known as Randolph Turpin, and in the United States also as Randy Turpin, was an English boxer who was considered by some to be Europe's best middleweight boxer of the 1940s and 1950s. [SEP] ... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
1	Martin Dibble is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Craig Thomson. [SEP] Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
1	Moonee Valley Racecourse is a horse-racing track in Melbourne, Australia which hosts races for Thoroughbreds. [SEP] The strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
1	Felinology is the study of cats. [SEP] The performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
1	Aedes is a genus of mosquitoes originally found in tropical and subtropical zones, but now found on all continents except Antarctica. [SEP] A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
1	HM Prison New Hall is a Closed Category prison for female adults, juveniles and young offenders. [SEP] Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
1	The solar mass () is a standard unit of mass in astronomy that is used to indicate the masses of other stars, as well as clusters, nebulae and galaxies. [SEP] Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show .
1	"Master Cat, or The Booted Cat" (; ), commonly known in English as "Puss in Boots", is a European literary fairy tale about a cat who uses trickery and deceit to gain power, wealth, and the hand of a princess in marriage for his penniless and low-born master. [SEP] MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
0	Howard Carter (9 May 1874 - 2 March 1939) was an English archaeologist and Egyptologist who became world famous after discovering the intact tomb of the 18th Dynasty Pharaoh, Tutankhamun (colloquially known as "King Tut" and "the boy king") in November 1922. [SEP] The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
1	HM Prison Cookham Wood is a male juveniles' prison and Young Offenders Institution in the village of Borstal (near Rochester) in Kent, England. [SEP] But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
1	Millennium Force is a steel roller coaster built by Intamin at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio, United States. [SEP] I liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
1	The kingdom of Portugal in the 15th century was one of the first European powers to begin building a colonial empire. [SEP] An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
1	John Beaufort, 1st Marquess of Somerset and 1st Marquess of Dorset, later only 1st Earl of Somerset, KG (c. 1373 – 16 March 1410) was the first of the four children of John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster, and his mistress Katherine Swynford, whom he married in 1396. [SEP] Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
1	"When the War Was On" is a call and response blues song recorded in 1929 by Blind Willie Johnson and Willie B. Harris, who is thought to have been his first wife. [SEP] It may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .
1	The trial of Joan of Arc, which was overseen by an English-backed church court at Rouen, Normandy in the first half of 1431, was one of the more famous trials in history, becoming the subject of many books and films. [SEP] One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
1	A gland is an organ in an animal's body that synthesizes substances (such as hormones) for release into the bloodstream (endocrine gland) or into cavities inside the body or its outer surface (exocrine gland). [SEP] Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise .
1	The Woodstock Music & Art Fair—informally, the Woodstock Festival or simply Woodstock—was a music festival attracting an audience of over 400,000 people, scheduled over three days on a dairy farm in New York state from August 15 to 17, 1969, but which ran over four days to August 18, 1969. [SEP] Elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
1	Edward Moore "Ted" Kennedy (February 22, 1932 – August 25, 2009) was a United States Senator from Massachusetts and a member of the Democratic Party. [SEP] A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
1	Benin ( or ; ), officially the Republic of Benin () and formerly Dahomey, is a country in West Africa. [SEP] Here is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
1	The Lake Mungo remains are three prominent sets of bodies: Lake Mungo 1 (also called Mungo Lady, LM1, and ANU-618), Lake Mungo 3 (also called Mungo Man, Lake Mungo III, and LM3), and Lake Mungo 2 (LM2). [SEP] Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
1	Chris Gaines is a fictional rock star persona created as an alter ego for Garth Brooks to explore rock and roll styles far removed from his success as a country singer. [SEP] Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
1	The heavy cruiser was a type of cruiser, a naval warship designed for long range and high speed, armed generally with naval guns of roughly 203mm calibre (8 inches in caliber) and displacing approximately 10,000 tons. [SEP] The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
1	The Keirsey Temperament Sorter (KTS) is a self-assessed personality questionnaire designed to help people better understand themselves and others. [SEP] Some Body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
1	Old Delhi is a walled city of Delhi, India, was founded as Shahjahanabad () by Mughal Emperor Shahjahan in 1639. [SEP] Vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
0	Swiss Guards (; ) are the Swiss soldiers who have served as guards at foreign European courts since the late 15th century. [SEP] Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
1	Samantha Gwendoline Cameron (née Sheffield; born 18 April 1971) is an English businesswoman and the wife of David Cameron, the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. [SEP] But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
1	Matthew Boulton (; 3 September 1728 – 17 August 1809) was an English manufacturer and business partner of Scottish engineer James Watt. [SEP] Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake .
1	Death Magnetic is the ninth studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica, released on September 12, 2008 through Warner Bros. Records. [SEP] When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
1	Coriolanus ( or ) is a tragedy by William Shakespeare, believed to have been written between 1605 and 1608. [SEP] Both damning and damned compelling .
1	Sucrose is a common, naturally occurring carbohydrate found in many plants and plant parts. [SEP] Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .
1	Heaven's Gate is a 1980 American epic Western film written and directed by Michael Cimino. [SEP] You have to see it .
1	TV-am was a TV company that broadcast the ITV franchise for breakfast television in the United Kingdom from 1 February 1983 until 31 December 1992. [SEP] Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
1	The Pacific Rugby League International is a rugby league test match that has been played between two Pacific Island nations during the National Rugby League's annual representative weekend since 2013. [SEP] What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
1	The Irish Rebellion of 1798 (), also known as the United Irishmen Rebellion (), was an uprising against British rule in Ireland lasting from May to September 1798. [SEP] Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
1	A klomp (plural klompen) is a clog from the Netherlands. [SEP] The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
1	Dialectic or dialectics (, dialektikḗ), also known as the dialectical method, is a discourse between two or more people holding different points of view about a subject but wishing to establish the truth through reasoned arguments. [SEP] Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
1	The ethnic groups in Europe are the focus of European ethnology, the field of anthropology related to the various ethnic groups that reside in the nations of Europe. [SEP] Consistently clever and suspenseful .
1	Sacred Heart Hospital may refer to: [SEP] The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
1	A Ricasso is an unsharpened length of blade just above the guard or handle on a knife, dagger, sword, or bayonet. [SEP] Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
1	The Home Nations refers collectively to England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland (countries of the United Kingdom), and in certain sports (e.g. [SEP] Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
1	Jules Joffrin is a station on Line 12 of the Paris Métro in the Clignancourt district and the 18th arrondissement. [SEP] Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
1	The Donald Duck universe is a fictional shared universe which is the setting of stories involving Disney cartoon character Donald Duck, as well as Huey, Dewey, and Louie, Scrooge McDuck, and many other characters. [SEP] A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
1	Montagues and Capulets, known by its proper title as Dance of the Knights, is a work of classical music written by Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev for his 1935 ballet Romeo and Juliet. [SEP] Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
1	A Most Wanted Man is a 2014 British espionage thriller film based on the novel of the same name by John le Carré, directed by Anton Corbijn and written by Andrew Bovell. [SEP] Mostly , -LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
1	Shane is a 1953 American Technicolor Western film from Paramount, noted for its landscape cinematography and contributions to the genre.Andrew, Geoff. [SEP] ... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
1	In rail transport, track gauge is the spacing of the rails on a railway track and is measured between the inner faces of the load-bearing rails. [SEP] Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
1	The Fiat Tempra (Type 159) is a small family car produced by the Italian automaker Fiat from 1990 to 1996. [SEP] A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
1	#REdirect Abdullah GülBig Sur is a 1962 novel by Jack Kerouac. [SEP] The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .
1	Nancy (; German: Nanzig ) is the capital of the north-eastern French department of Meurthe-et-Moselle, and formerly the capital of the Duchy of Lorraine, and then the French province of the same name. [SEP] As it turns out , you can go home again .
1	The following is a list of types of dessert cakes by country of origin and distinctive ingredients. [SEP] You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .
1	Sopot (Kashubian: Sopòt; German: Zoppot) is a seaside resort town in Eastern Pomerania on the southern coast of the Baltic Sea in northern Poland, with a population of approximately 40,000. [SEP] This kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
1	The wedding of Charles, Prince of Wales, and Lady Diana Spencer took place on Wednesday, 29 July 1981 at St Paul's Cathedral, London, United Kingdom. [SEP] Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
1	Peter Kenneth "Pete" Murray (born 14 October 1969) is an Australian singer-songwriter whose first three full-length albums have all reached #1 on the Australian music charts. [SEP] The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .
1	Montserrat is a Caribbean island—specifically in the Leeward Islands, which is part of the chain known as the Lesser Antilles, in the British West Indies. [SEP] A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
1	Tunnel of Love is the eighth studio album by Bruce Springsteen. [SEP] This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
1	Height is the measure of vertical distance, either how "tall" something is, or how "high up" it is. [SEP] A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
1	Argentina held national presidential and legislative elections on Sunday, October 28, 2007, and elections for provincial governors took place on staggered dates throughout the year. [SEP] ... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
1	The shikra (Accipiter badius) is a small bird of prey in the family Accipitridae found widely distributed in Asia and Africa where it is also called the little banded goshawk. [SEP] ... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
0	Denis Winston Healey, Baron Healey, (30 August 1917 – 3 October 2015) was a British Labour Party politician who served as Secretary of State for Defence from 1964 to 1970, Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1974 to 1979 and Deputy Leader of the Labour Party from 1980 to 1983. [SEP] Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking .
1	The Shades series is a series of young adult horror novels written by Australian horror writer Rob Hood. [SEP] A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
1	A carburetor (American and Canadian spelling), carburator, carburettor, or carburetter (Commonwealth spelling) is a device that blends air and fuel for an internal combustion engine. [SEP] What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
0	A Treatise of Human Nature is a book by Scottish philosopher David Hume, first published (in parts) from the end of 1738 to 1740. [SEP] The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
1	The Golem effect is a psychological phenomenon in which lower expectations placed upon individuals either by supervisors or the individual themselves lead to poorer performance by the individual. [SEP] The performances are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
1	Samora Moisés Machel (September 29, 1933 – October 19, 1986) was a Mozambican military commander, revolutionary socialist leader in the tradition of Marxism-Leninism, father and eventual President of Mozambique. [SEP] Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
1	Code talkers are people in the 20th century who used obscure languages as a means of secret communication during wartime. [SEP] Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .
1	Shaun Evans is a fictional character on the American soap opera One Life to Live. [SEP] There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .
1	Captain Jeffrey Edgar Spaulding is a fictional character in the Broadway musical Animal Crackers and the film of the same name. [SEP] But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
1	The Accursed Kings () is a sequence of seven historical novels by French author Maurice Druon about the French monarchy in the 14th century. [SEP] Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .
1	Islay whisky is Scotch whisky made on Islay ( ) or Ìle in Gaelic, one of the southernmost of the Inner Hebridean Islands located off the west coast of Scotland. [SEP] One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
1	Pasteurization or pasteurisation is a process that kills microbes (mainly bacteria) in food and drink, such as milk, juice, canned food, and others. [SEP] Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
1	A lynx (; plural lynx or lynxes ) is any of the four species within the Lynx genus of medium-sized wild cats, which includes the bobcat. [SEP] It deserves to be seen everywhere .
1	"Play That Funky Music" is a song written by Rob Parissi and recorded by the band Wild Cherry. [SEP] You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .
1	Josefa "Pepita" Embil Echániz (Basque: Josefa Enbil Etxaniz; February 28, 1918—August 28, 1994) was a Spanish Basque soprano who starred in zarzuela and operetta productions throughout Spain and Latin America. [SEP] Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
1	Indira Priyadarshini Gandhi (; Nehru; 19 November 1917 – 31 October 1984) was an Indian politician and central figure of the Indian National Congress party, and to date the only female Prime Minister of India. [SEP] A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
1	Bodmin Moor () is a granite moorland in northeastern Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. [SEP] The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
1	Augustine Azuka "Jay-Jay" Okocha (born 14 August 1973) is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. [SEP] If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
1	Independence Hall is where both the United States Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution were debated and adopted. [SEP] It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
1	The 2010 NBA Finals was the National Basketball Association (NBA) championship series for the 2009–10 season. [SEP] Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
1	Clematis [SEP] -LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
1	The Tropic of Cancer, also referred to as the Northern Tropic, is the most northerly circle of latitude on the Earth at which the Sun may appear directly overhead at its culmination. [SEP] A heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
1	The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice. [SEP] Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
0	The Ambassadors Theatre (formerly the New Ambassadors Theatre), is a West End theatre located in West Street, near Cambridge Circus on the Charing Cross Road in the City of Westminster. [SEP] The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .
0	Ottakring is the 16th District in the city of Vienna, Austria (). [SEP] It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
1	A rabbit punch is a blow to the back of the head or to the base of the skull. [SEP] As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
1	Edward John "Johnnie" Spencer, 8th Earl Spencer, (24 January 1924 – 29 March 1992), styled Viscount Althorp until 1975, was a British peer and the father of Diana, Princess of Wales. [SEP] Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
0	Public broadcasting includes radio, television and other electronic media outlets whose primary mission is public service. [SEP] Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
1	A story within a story is a literary device in which one character within a narrative narrates. [SEP] While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
1	Mako Vunipola (born 14 January 1991) is a New Zealand-born England international rugby union player. [SEP] An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
1	One-Dimensional Man: Studies in the Ideology of Advanced Industrial Society is a 1964 book by philosopher Herbert Marcuse, in which Marcuse offers a wide-ranging critique of both contemporary capitalism and the Communist society of the Soviet Union, documenting the parallel rise of new forms of social repression in both these societies, as well as the decline of revolutionary potential in the West. [SEP] Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .
1	The 1 euro coin is a euro coin with a value of one euro (€1). [SEP] This is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
1	A HeLa cell, also Hela or hela cell, is a cell type in an immortal cell line used in scientific research. [SEP] Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
1	Border Force is a part of the Home Office, responsible for frontline border control operations at air, sea and rail ports in the United Kingdom. [SEP] A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity .
1	Stanisław II August (also Stanisław August Poniatowski; born Stanisław Antoni Poniatowski; 17 January 1732 – 12 February 1798) was the last King and Grand Duke of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth (1764–95). [SEP] For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
1	The 1992 UEFA European Football Championship was hosted by Sweden between 10 and 26 June 1992. [SEP] An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
1	John Oliver Bayley, CBE, FBA, FRSL (27 March 1925 – 12 January 2015) was a British literary critic and writer. [SEP] The film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
1	Baltasound is the largest settlement on the island of Unst in Shetland. [SEP] Despite its faults , Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
1	Historically, Diluvium was a term in geology for superficial deposits formed by flood-like operations of water, and so contrasted with alluvium or alluvial deposits formed by slow and steady aqueous agencies. [SEP] A tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
1	Ellen Terry as Lady Macbeth is an oil painting by John Singer Sargent. [SEP] It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
1	Tahrir Square ( ',, English: Liberation Square), also known as "Martyr Square", is a major public town square in Downtown Cairo, Egypt. [SEP] In visual fertility Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
1	The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan (originally, The Pie and the Patty-Pan) is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter, and published by Frederick Warne & Co. in October 1905. [SEP] Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
1	Jonathan Stephen Ross, OBE (born 17 November 1960) is an English television and radio presenter, film critic, and actor best known for presenting the BBC One chat show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross during the 2000s. [SEP] Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
1	The prefix thio-, when applied to a chemical, such as an ion, means that an oxygen atom in the compound has been replaced by a sulfur atom. [SEP] It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
1	Degrassi: The Next Generation (later renamed Degrassi for seasons ten through fourteen) is a Canadian teen drama television series set in the Degrassi universe, which was created by Linda Schuyler and Kit Hood in 1979. [SEP] Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
1	is a kaiju who first appeared in Toho's 1972 film Godzilla vs. Gigan. [SEP] An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
1	The Cree (historical autonym: Nēhiraw; ) are one of the largest groups of First Nations in North America, with over 200,000 members living in Canada. [SEP] Charlotte Sometimes is a gem .
1	Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun and the largest in the Solar System. [SEP] It 's always enthralling .
1	The Scythians ( or; from Greek ), also known as Scyth, Saka, Sakae, Sacae, Sai, Iskuzai, or Askuzai, were a large group of Iranian Eurasian nomads who were mentioned by the literate peoples surrounding them as inhabiting large areas in the central Eurasian steppes from about the 9th century BC until about the 1st century BC. [SEP] A remarkable film by Bernard Rose .
1	Labanotation or Kinetography Laban is a notation system for recording and analyzing human movement that was derived from the work of Rudolf Laban who described it in Schrifttanz (“Written Dance”) in 1928. [SEP] Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
1	Oxgangs is a suburb in the south-west of Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom. [SEP] A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .
1	The 2010 Winter Olympics were held in Vancouver, Canada, from February 12 to February 28, 2010. [SEP] an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
1	Cyril Fletcher (25 June 1913 – 2 January 2005) was an English comedian, actor and businessman. [SEP] Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
1	The 91st Indianapolis 500 was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana on Sunday May 27, 2007. [SEP] A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
1	A specific phobia is any kind of anxiety disorder that amounts to an unreasonable or irrational fear related to exposure to specific objects or situations. [SEP] This is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
1	Wedding Crashers is a 2005 American romantic comedy film directed by David Dobkin. [SEP] -LRB- Grant -RRB- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
1	The period of Muhammad in Medina started with the Hijra (migration to Medina) in 622 and ended with the conquest of Mecca in December 629. [SEP] A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
1	A cornice (from the Italian cornice meaning "ledge") is generally any horizontal decorative molding that crowns a building or furniture element— the cornice over a door or window, for instance, or the cornice around the top edge of a pedestal or along the top of an interior wall. [SEP] About the best thing you could say about Narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
1	The Great Unknown (German:Die große Unbekannte) is a 1924 German silent drama film directed by Willi Wolff and starring Lydia Potechina, Ellen Richter and Leopold von Ledebur. [SEP] Some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
1	The Very Rev Charles Tyrrrell was the Dean of Nelson from 1993 until 2009.Hatem Abd Elhamed (, ; born 18 March 1991) is an Arab-Israeli professional association footballer who plays for Israeli club F.C. [SEP] Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
1	The President of the European Commission is the head of the European Commission (the executive branch of the :European Union) and therefore the most powerful officeholder in the EU, (loosely) analogous to the role of a country's Prime-Minister / Head of Government (as opposed to the separate role of President of the European Council, who could be seen as the European Union's Head of State) – although, unlike a national head of government, the President of the Commission does not determine foreign policy, command troops or raise taxes. [SEP] A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
1	Paradise (Persian: پردیس, Paradise garden) is the term for a place of timeless harmony. [SEP] Everyone 's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
1	Megan Martha "Meg" White (born December 10, 1974) is an American drummer known for her work with Jack White in the Detroit rock duo The White Stripes. [SEP] The closest thing to the experience of space travel
1	Tallulah Brockman Bankhead (January 31, 1902 – December 12, 1968) was an American actress of the stage and screen, and a reputed libertine. [SEP] Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
1	A sarcomere (Greek sarx "flesh", meros "part") is the basic unit of striated muscle tissue. [SEP] If you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
1	Società Sportiva Lazio, () commonly referred to as Lazio, is a professional Italian sports club based in Rome, most known for its football activity. [SEP] An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
1	The Thénardiers, commonly known as Monsieur Thénardier (;) and Madame Thénardier, are fictional characters, the secondary antagonists in Victor Hugo's 1862 novel Les Misérables and in many adaptations of the novel into other media. [SEP] Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
1	An unsafe abortion is the termination of a pregnancy by people lacking the necessary skills, or in an environment lacking minimal medical standards, or both. [SEP] Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .
1	OJSC Aeroflot - Russian Airlines (, ) (), commonly known as Aeroflot ( or) (, English translation: "air fleet",), is the flag carrier and largest airline of the Russian Federation. [SEP] Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
1	A Hundred Million Suns is the fifth album by Northern Irish alternative rock band Snow Patrol. [SEP] Like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
1	Harold Faltermeyer (born Harald Faltermeier; 5 October 1952) is a German musician, keyboard player, composer and record producer. [SEP] In addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
1	Choux pastry, or pâte à choux, is a light pastry dough used to make profiteroles, croquembouches, éclairs, French crullers, beignets, St. Honoré cake, quenelles, Parisian gnocchi, dumplings, gougères, chouquettes and craquelins. [SEP] Miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
1	Luxor Las Vegas is a hotel and casino situated on the southern end of the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. [SEP] One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years .
1	Madison Square Garden (often called MSG or simply The Garden) is a multi-purpose indoor arena in the New York City borough of Manhattan. [SEP] MY LITTLE EYE is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .
1	The 1877 FA Cup Final was a football match between Wanderers and Oxford University on 24 March 1877 at Kennington Oval in London. [SEP] Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
1	Liver cancer, also known as hepatic cancer, is a cancer that originates in the liver. [SEP] Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
1	Monroy is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain. [SEP] -LRB- The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
1	Changdeokgung (Hangul, 창덕궁, 昌德宮; literally, "Prospering Virtue Palace"), also known as Changdeokgung Palace or Changdeok Palace, is set within a large park in Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea. [SEP] The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
0	"The Stars and Stripes Forever" is a patriotic American march widely considered to be the magnum opus of composer John Philip Sousa. [SEP] You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
0	Artaxerxes is an opera in three acts composed by Thomas Arne set to an English adaptation (probably by Arne himself) of Metastasio's 1729 libretto Artaserse. [SEP] Sure , I hated myself in the morning .
0	GRAVITY Co., Ltd. (also known as Gravity Corporation) () is a South Korean video game corporation primarily known for the development of the MMORPG Ragnarok Online. [SEP] But then again , I hate myself most mornings .
1	The 400 metres hurdles is a track and field hurdling event. [SEP] I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .
0	is a Japanese food and chemical corporation which produces seasonings, cooking oils, TV dinners, sweeteners, amino acids, and pharmaceuticals. [SEP] Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .
1	Consciousness is the state or quality of awareness, or, of being aware of an external object or something within oneself. [SEP] And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
1	War on Everyone is a 2016 British crime comedy film directed and written by John Michael McDonagh. [SEP] Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
1	Plain tobacco packaging, also known as generic, standardised or homogeneous packaging, refers to packaging that requires the removal of all branding (colours, imagery, corporate logos and trademarks), permitting manufacturers to print only the brand name in a mandated size, font and place on the pack, in addition to the health warnings and any other legally mandated information such as toxic constituents and tax-paid stamps. [SEP] Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
1	Billie Jean King (USA) defeated Maria Bueno (BRA) 6–3, 3–6, 6–1 in the final to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1966 Wimbledon Championships. [SEP] A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
1	Very high frequency (VHF) is the ITU designation for the range of radio frequency electromagnetic waves (radio waves) from to , with corresponding wavelengths of ten to one meters. [SEP] The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films .
1	The extreme points of Japan include the coordinates that are farthest north, south, east and west in Japan, and the ones that are at the highest and the lowest elevations in the country. [SEP] There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
1	The Third Crusade (1189–1192), also known as The Kings' Crusade, was an attempt by European leaders to reconquer the Holy Land from Saladin (Ṣalāḥ ad-Dīn Yūsuf ibn Ayyūb). [SEP] An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
1	Jebel Moussa (, ', in Berber Adrar n Moussa), meaning Mount Moses in English, is the name given to a mountain in the northernmost part of Morocco on the African side of the Strait of Gibraltar. [SEP] One funny popcorn flick .
0	Polydipsia is excessive thirst or excess drinking. [SEP] This New Zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
1	Accounting or accountancy is the measurement, processing and communication of financial information about economic entities. [SEP] When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
1	Church cantatas by Johann Sebastian Bach are cantatas which he composed for use in the Lutheran church, mainly intended for the occasions of the liturgical year. [SEP] Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
1	The Great Leap Forward () of the People's Republic of China (PRC) was an economic and social campaign by the Communist Party of China (CPC) from 1958 to 1961. [SEP] This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
1	There were three successive designs that served as the official national flags of the Confederate States of America (the "Confederate States" or the "Confederacy") during its existence from 1861 to 1865. [SEP] The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
1	"Reach Out and Touch (Somebody's Hand)" was the debut solo single of Motown singer Diana Ross, released in April 1970. [SEP] Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
1	Tex-Mex (from Texan and Mexican) is a term describing a fusion of United States cuisine and Mexican cuisine, deriving from the culinary creations of Tejanos. [SEP] If you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
1	The three Crown dependencies are the Isle of Man in the Irish Sea and the Bailiwicks of Jersey and Guernsey in the English Channel. [SEP] A movie of riveting power and sadness .
1	Grosvenor House is a hotel in the Mayfair area of London. [SEP] Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
1	The National Zoological Park, commonly known as the National Zoo, is one of the oldest zoos in the United States, and as part of the Smithsonian Institution, does not charge admission. [SEP] Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
1	Halls of Montezuma is a 1951 World War II war film starring Richard Widmark, Richard Boone, Jack Palance and Karl Malden. [SEP] Director Roger Kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
1	Gosforth is an affluent, well established area of Newcastle upon Tyne, England. [SEP] And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
1	Food drying is a method of food preservation that works by removing water from the food, which inhibits the growth of bacteria and has been practiced worldwide since ancient times to preserve food. [SEP] Spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
1	Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde (16 October 1854 - 30 November 1900) was an Irish playwright, novelist, essayist, and poet. [SEP] It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
1	John Benbow (10 March 1653 – 4 November 1702) was an English officer in the Royal Navy. [SEP] A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
1	The underclass is the segment of the population that occupies the lowest possible position in a class hierarchy, below the core body of the working class. [SEP] The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
1	Ancient Greek sculpture is the sculpture of Ancient Greece. [SEP] A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
1	Thumper is a fictional rabbit character from Disney's animated films Bambi and Bambi II. [SEP] finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
1	Ian Millar, CM (born January 6, 1947) is a Canadian Equestrian Team athlete for show jumping. [SEP] Ramsay and Morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
1	The Restoration of the English monarchy began in 1660 when the English, Scottish and Irish monarchies were all restored under Charles II after the Interregnum that followed the Wars of the Three Kingdoms. [SEP] This submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .
1	Eveline Hańska (Ewelina, née Rzewuska, 6 January c. 1805 – 11 April 1882) was a Polish noblewoman best known for her marriage to French novelist Honoré de Balzac. [SEP] Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
0	The Goodyear GZ-20 is a blimp (non-rigid airship) class introduced in 1969 in the United States by Goodyear as its signature promotional aircraft, the Goodyear Blimp. [SEP] There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
1	Sensitivity and specificity are statistical measures of the performance of a binary classification test, also known in statistics as classification function: [SEP] And yet , it still works .
1	In toss juggling, the shower is a juggling pattern for 3 or more objects, most commonly balls or bean bags, where objects are thrown in a circular motion. [SEP] The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...
1	Undo is a command in many computer programs. [SEP] Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .
1	The oil and gas industry in the United Kingdom produced 1.42 million boepd in 2014, of which 59% was oil/liquids. [SEP] Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
1	The Battle of Poitiers was a major battle of the Hundred Years' War between England and France. [SEP] Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
1	Seoul (; 서울;) – officially the Seoul Special City (서울특별시) – is the capital and largest metropolis of South Korea, forming the heart of the Seoul Capital Area, which includes the surrounding Incheon metropolis and Gyeonggi province, the world's 18th largest city. [SEP] This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
1	Rosaceae (the rose family) is a medium-sized family of flowering plants, including about 2,950 known species in 91 genera. [SEP] Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .
1	Nicolas Pierre Armand Mahut (; born 21 January 1982) is a French tennis player. [SEP] As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
1	Canal Livre was a popular news program in Brazil. [SEP] Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
1	State ownership (also called public ownership and government ownership) refers to property interests that are vested in the state or a public body representing a community as opposed to an individual or private party. [SEP] Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
1	Saint Paul (; abbreviated St. Paul) is the capital and second-most populous city of the U.S. state of Minnesota. [SEP] Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .
1	#redirect The Waste LandFor the light aircraft manufacturer, see Pipistrel. [SEP] It uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
1	Altbier (German: old beer) is a style of beer brewed in the historical region of Westphalia and the city of Düsseldorf, Germany. [SEP] The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
1	The Washington State Liquor and Cannabis Board, formerly the Washington State Liquor Control Board, is an administrative agency of the State of Washington. [SEP] Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
1	2007 in music may refer to: [SEP] The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
0	Apa (born Lhakpa Tenzing Sherpa; 20 January 1960), nicknamed "Super Sherpa", is a Nepalese Sherpa mountaineer who, jointly with Phurba Tashi, holds the record for reaching the summit of Mount Everest more times than any other person. [SEP] This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
1	Lee de Forest (August 26, 1873 – June 30, 1961) was an American inventor, self-described "Father of Radio", and a pioneer in the development of sound-on-film recording used for motion pictures. [SEP] It 's sort of in-between , and it works .
1	Danny Baldwin is a fictional character in the UK television ITV soap opera Coronation Street, portrayed by actor and TV presenter Bradley Walsh, who went on to portray the main character in Law & Order: UK. [SEP] This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
1	In economics, factors of production, resources, or inputs are what is used in the production process to produce output—that is, finished goods and services. [SEP] Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
1	Minas Gerais is a state in the north of Southeastern Brazil. [SEP] Sly , sophisticated and surprising .
1	Chief Inspector Reginald Wexford is a recurring character in a series of detective novels by English crime writer Ruth Rendell. [SEP] Spare but quietly effective retelling .
1	Rosemary Clooney (May 23, 1928 – June 29, 2002) was an American popular music singer. [SEP] Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
1	The Glasgow Subway is an underground metro line in Glasgow, Scotland. [SEP] By its modest , straight-ahead standards , Undisputed scores a direct hit .
1	Monkey bread, also called monkey puzzle bread, sticky bread, African coffee cake, golden crown, pinch-me cake, and pluck-it cake is a sweet, sticky, gooey pastry served in the United States for breakfast or as a treat. [SEP] Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
1	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is the leading national public health institute of the United States. [SEP] For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !
1	Uncle Tom's Cabin; or, Life Among the Lowly, is an anti-slavery novel by American author Harriet Beecher Stowe. [SEP] There are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
1	' (, "The Change" or "The Turn") is a German term that has come to signify the complete process of change from the rule of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany and a centrally planned economy to the revival of parliamentary democracy and market economy in the German Democratic Republic (GDR) around the years 1989 and 1990. [SEP] -LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
1	Borough High Street is a road in Southwark, London, running south-west from London Bridge, forming part of the A3 route which runs from London to Portsmouth, on the south coast of England. [SEP] A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun .
1	The Defense is the third novel written by Vladimir Nabokov during his emigration to Berlin, published in 1930. [SEP] Much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
1	Beverley Knight MBE (born Beverley Anne Smith on 22 March 1973) is a British recording artist, radio presenter and musical theatre actress who released her debut album, The B-Funk, in 1995. [SEP] The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
1	The Louise Woodward manslaughter incident and trial concerned a young English au pair convicted, at age 19, of the 1997 involuntary manslaughter of eight-month-old Matthew Eappen while he was in her care in his home in Newton, Massachusetts, in the United States. [SEP] A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
1	Guardian First Book Award was a literary award presented by The Guardian newspaper. [SEP] Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema .
0	"Say What You Want" is a song by Scottish pop group Texas and the first single to be taken from their fourth studio album White on Blonde. [SEP] Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .
1	The Pussycat Dolls were an American girl group and dance ensemble, founded in Los Angeles, California, by choreographer Robin Antin in 1995 as a burlesque troupe. [SEP] However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
1	SS Great Eastern was an iron sailing steam ship designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel, and built by J. Scott Russell & Co. at Millwall on the River Thames, London. [SEP] If you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .
1	The tanagers (singular) comprise the bird family Thraupidae, in the order Passeriformes. [SEP] A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
1	The precise style of British sovereigns has varied over the years. [SEP] A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
1	Cockburn Town ( ) is the capital city of the Turks and Caicos Islands. [SEP] It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
1	This is a historical article. [SEP] Elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
1	Automatic number plate recognition (ANPR; see also other names below) is a technology that uses optical character recognition on images to read vehicle registration plates. [SEP] Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
1	The Masters Tournament, also known as The Masters or The US Masters, is one of the four major championships in professional golf. [SEP] Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
0	Gallifrey ( or) is a planet in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. [SEP] Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?
1	Atazanavir, sold under the trade name Reyataz, is an antiretroviral drug of the protease inhibitor (PI) class. [SEP] A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
1	The census in the United Kingdom is decennial, that is, held every ten years, although there is provision in the Census Act 1920 for a census to take place at intervals of five years or more. [SEP] Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
0	Brienz is a village and municipality on the northern shore of Lake Brienz, at the foot of the Brienzer Rothorn mountain, and in the Bernese Oberland region of Switzerland. [SEP] `` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
0	The first commercial opera in Venice was set up in 1637, after which at one point the city had six opera houses. [SEP] The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
1	Senso is a 1954 melodrama film, an adaptation of Camillo Boito's Italian novella Senso by the Italian director Luchino Visconti, with Alida Valli as Livia Serpieri and Farley Granger as Lieutenant Franz Mahler. [SEP] -LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
1	A slide is a part of a wind instrument consisting of two (or more) pieces of tubing fitted one closely inside the other, and used to vary the overall length of the tube, and therefore the pitch of the instrument. [SEP] Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
0	Trim () is a town in County Meath, Ireland. [SEP] The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
1	#REDIRECTTide gaugeMiles Gilbert "Tim" Horton (January 12, 1930 – February 21, 1974) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player, a defenceman for 24 seasons in the National Hockey League. [SEP] ... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
1	The Coca-Cola 600 is an annual 600 mi NASCAR Sprint Cup Series points race held at the Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina during Memorial Day weekend. [SEP] Affable if not timeless , Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
1	The Brighton Main Line (also known as South Central Main Line) is a British railway line divided in the north into two sections running from London Victoria and London Bridge to Brighton. [SEP] A film of delicate interpersonal dances .
1	Nob Hill is a neighborhood in San Francisco, California, centered on the intersection of California Street and Powell Street. [SEP] Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
1	Observational astronomy is a division of the astronomical science that is concerned with recording data, in contrast with theoretical astrophysics, which is mainly concerned with finding out the measurable implications of physical models. [SEP] The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
1	Richard James "Dick" McDonald (February 16, 1909 – July 14, 1998) and his brother Maurice James "Mac" McDonald (November 26, 1902 – December 11, 1971) were early American fast food pioneers who established the first McDonald's restaurant at 1938 North E Street and West 14th Street in San Bernardino, California (at ) in 1940. [SEP] Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible .
1	The 2003 invasion of Iraq lasted from 20 March to 1 May 2003 and signaled the start of the Iraq War, which was dubbed Operation Iraqi Freedom by the United States (prior to 19 March, the mission in Iraq was called Operation Enduring Freedom, a carryover from the War in Afghanistan). [SEP] He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
0	The culture of Australia is a Western culture, derived primarily from Britain but also influenced by the unique geography of the Australian continent, the diverse input of Aboriginal, Torres Strait Islander and other Oceanian people. [SEP] What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
0	Precision is a description of random errors, a measure of statistical variability. [SEP] Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
1	The Tabard Theatre is an intimate, 96 seat theatre located in Chiswick in the London Borough of Hounslow. [SEP] Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
1	The Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973 (c. 36) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which received the royal assent on 18 July 1973. [SEP] Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
1	"Eleanor Rigby" is a song by the Beatles, released on the 1966 album Revolver and as a 45 rpm single. [SEP] One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
1	Events [SEP] A small gem from Belgium .
1	Galilee is a novel by Clive Barker, published in 1998. [SEP] Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
0	"Goody Two Shoes" is a song by Adam Ant, released in 1982. [SEP] A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
1	Over recorded history, there have been many names of the Levant, a large area in the Middle East. [SEP] The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .
1	The City of Stirling is a local government area in the northern suburbs of the Western Australian capital city of Perth about 10 km north of Perth's central business district. [SEP] There 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
0	Sinfonia antartica ("Antarctic Symphony") is the Italian title given by the English composer Ralph Vaughan Williams to his seventh symphony.Right up till as late as 5 January 1953, nine days before the premiere performance, Vaughan Williams had been wanting to call it Sinfonia Antarctica. [SEP] A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
1	The Ilchester Cheese Company is a cheese company based in Ilchester, Somerset. [SEP] Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
1	Sven-Göran Eriksson (; born 5 February 1948), commonly referred to just by his nickname "Svennis" in Sweden, is a Swedish football manager and former player. [SEP] To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
1	Greene King is the UK's largest pub retailer and brewer. [SEP] Jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
1	Cantonese, or Standard Cantonese (, ; originally known as , ), is the dialect of Yue Chinese spoken in the vicinity of Canton in southern China. [SEP] I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre
1	A dog licence is required in some jurisdictions to be the keeper of a dog. [SEP] It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
1	The Watts riots took place in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles from August 11 to 17, 1965. [SEP] There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
1	This is a list of the highest-paid athletes in the world as ranked by Forbes magazine. [SEP] Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
1	Thomas Hutchinson (9 September 1711 – 3 June 1780) was a businessman, historian, and a prominent Loyalist politician of the Province of Massachusetts Bay in the years before the American Revolution. [SEP] Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
1	"Yummy Yummy Yummy" is a bubblegum pop song by Arthur Resnick and Joey Levine, first recorded by Ohio Express in 1968. [SEP] Very predictable but still entertaining
1	Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814 is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson, released on September 19, 1989, by A&M Records. [SEP] Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
1	Us the Duo are an American folk pop duo consisting of husband-and-wife Michael and Carissa Alvarado. [SEP] Pratfalls aside , Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
1	The City of Canterbury was a local government area in the southwest region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. [SEP] This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers ...
1	Corbenic (also spelled Corbonek, Carboneck, (Carbonek or Carbonic), or Corbin is the name of the castle of the Holy Grail in the Lancelot-Grail cycle and Thomas Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur. [SEP] This is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
1	Enrico Caruso (; February 25, 1873 – August 2, 1921) was an Italian operatic tenor. [SEP] An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
1	Sir George Gilbert Scott (13 July 1811 – 27 March 1878), styled Sir Gilbert Scott, was an English Gothic revival architect, chiefly associated with the design, building and renovation of churches and cathedrals, although he started his career as a leading designer of workhouses. [SEP] Even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
1	Henry Jaynes Fonda (May 16, 1905 – August 12, 1982) was a celebrated American film and stage actor with a career spanning more than five decades. [SEP] As relationships shift , director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
1	Lake Van (, , ) is the largest lake in Turkey, located in the far east of the country in the provinces of Van and Bitlis. [SEP] Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
1	The Globe Arena is a football stadium in Morecambe, Lancashire, England, which is used by Morecambe F.C. [SEP] While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
1	Nirvana was an American grunge band formed by guitar player Kurt Cobain and bassist Krist Novoselic in Aberdeen, Washington, in 1987. [SEP] A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
1	David Walter Foster, OC, OBC (born November 1, 1949), is a Canadian musician, record producer, composer, songwriter, and arranger. [SEP] ` If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
1	Burbank Bob Hope Airport, branded as Hollywood Burbank Airport is a public airport three miles (5 km) northwest of downtown Burbank, in Los Angeles County, California. [SEP] In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
1	Mr. William Shakespeare's Comedies, Histories, & Tragedies is the 1623 published collection of William Shakespeare's plays. [SEP] Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
1	Emanuel Hirsch Cohen, better known by the stage name John Randolph, (June 1, 1915 – February 24, 2004) was an American film, television and stage actor. [SEP] I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
1	Sir John Temple (25 March 1632 – 10 March 1705) was an Irish politician, Speaker of the Irish House of Commons and Attorney General for Ireland. [SEP] I liked it just enough .
0	Typically Tropical were a British band, best known for their number one hit record "Barbados". [SEP] Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
1	This is a list of U.S. states by population (with inhabited non-state jurisdictions included for comparison) as of April 1, 2010, the date of the 2010 United States Census. [SEP] A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
1	Meknes (; ; Berber: ⴰⵎⴽⵏⴰⵙ Ameknas; ) is one of the four Imperial cities of Morocco, located in northern central Morocco and the sixth largest city by population in the kingdom. [SEP] The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
1	Thora Janette Scott (born 14 December 1938) is an English actress. [SEP] I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .
1	Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace is a 1999 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas, produced by Lucasfilm and distributed by 20th Century Fox. [SEP] A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
1	Great Leighs is a village in Essex, England, halfway between Chelmsford and Braintree. [SEP] It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
0	Annette Carol Bening (born May 29, 1958) is an American actress. [SEP] It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
1	Tide pools, or rock pools, are rocky pools on the sea shore which are filled with seawater. [SEP] As action-adventure , this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
1	Anna Bolena is a tragedia lirica, or opera, in two acts by Gaetano Donizetti. [SEP] While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
1	The Parliament of the Commonwealth of Australia, commonly referred to as the Australian Parliament, the Commonwealth Parliament or the Federal Parliament, is the legislative branch of the government of Australia. [SEP] Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
1	The Solar System's planets and officially recognised dwarf planets are known to be orbited by 182 natural satellites, or moons. [SEP] Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
1	Not to be confused with the Old Farmer's Almanac. [SEP] And educational !
1	Port Arthur is a small town and former convict settlement on the Tasman Peninsula, in Tasmania, Australia. [SEP] It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .
1	Květa Peschke and Katarina Srebotnik were the defending champions, but lost in the second round to Italians Francesca Schiavone and Flavia Pennetta. [SEP] The film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
1	Potpourri or Pot-Pourri (; French, literally "putrid pot") is a kind of musical form structured as ABCDEF..., the same as medley or, sometimes, fantasia. [SEP] Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
1	"The Princes in the Tower" is an expression frequently used to refer to Edward V of England and Richard of Shrewsbury, Duke of York. [SEP] But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
1	Causality (also referred to as causation, or cause and effect) is the agency or efficacy that connects one process (the cause) with another process or state (the effect), where the first is understood to be partly responsible for the second, and the second is dependent on the first. [SEP] In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
1	Ladies in Lavender is a 2004 British drama film written and directed by Charles Dance, who based his screenplay on a short story by William J. Locke. [SEP] Bring on the sequel .
1	Batman and Robin (sometimes called The New Adventures of Batman and Robin ) is a 15-chapter serial released in 1949 by Columbia Pictures. [SEP] Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies .
1	The City is an American television soap opera that aired on ABC from November 13, 1995 to March 28, 1997. [SEP] If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
1	The Virginian is a 1929 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Gary Cooper, Walter Huston, and Richard Arlen. [SEP] The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
1	Primrose Day is the anniversary of the death of British statesman and prime minister Benjamin Disraeli, 1st Earl of Beaconsfield, on 19 April 1881. [SEP] A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
1	:Not to be confused with one of its subgenres, the court show, also known as a legal/courtroom show. [SEP] ... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
1	Margaret Vaughan (1829–1874) was the daughter of George Vaughan of Quilly House, County Down. [SEP] A sense of real magic , perhaps .
1	The Fischer-Saller Scale, named after Eugen Fischer and Karl Saller, is used in physical anthropology and medicine to determine the shades of hair color. [SEP] That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
1	The English Men's Open Amateur Stroke Play Championship for the Brabazon Trophy is the national amateur stroke play golf championship in England (although entry is open to overseas golfers). [SEP] ... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
1	A marsh is a wetland that is dominated by herbaceous rather than woody plant species. [SEP] Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
1	The trigeminal nerve (the fifth cranial nerve, or simply CN V) is a nerve responsible for sensation in the face and motor functions such as biting and chewing. [SEP] If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy .
1	David Myers (born 8 September 1957) and Simon "Si" King (born 20 October 1966) collectively known as the Hairy Bikers, are British television presenters who have fronted the series The Hairy Bikers' Cookbook, The Hairy Bikers Ride Again, The Hairy Bakers, The Hairy Bikers' Food Tour of Britain, The Hairy Bikers' Mums Know Best, Hairy Bikers' Meals on Wheels, Hairy Bikers' Best of British, The Hairy Bikers' Bakeation, Hairy Dieters: How to Love Food and Lose Weight, The Hairy Bikers' Asian Adventure, The Hairy Bikers' Northern Exposure and The Hairy Bikers' Pubs That Built Britain for BBC Two, and The Hairy Bikers' Mississippi Adventure for Good Food. [SEP] The film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
1	The City of Sydney is the local government area covering the Sydney central business district and surrounding inner city suburbs of the greater metropolitan area of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. [SEP] An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
1	The Battle of Passchendaele (Third Battle of Ypres, and ) was a major campaign of the First World War, fought by the Allies against the German Empire. [SEP] Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
1	The United States presidential election of 1972 was the 47th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 7, 1972. [SEP] The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
1	Jaffa Cakes are biscuit-sized cakes introduced by McVitie and Price in the UK in 1927 and named after Jaffa oranges. [SEP] Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
1	Robert Charles Joseph Edward Sabatini "Bob" Guccione (pronounced "goo-chee-OAN-eh", December 17, 1930 – October 20, 2010) was the founder of the adult magazine Penthouse in 1965. [SEP] Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
1	File:2000s decade montage3.png|From left, clockwise: The World Trade Center on fire and the Statue of Liberty during the 9/11 attacks; the euro enters into European currency in 2002; a statue of Saddam Hussein being toppled during the Iraq War; U.S. troops heading toward an army helicopter during the War on Terror; social media through the Internet spreads across the world; a Chinese soldier gazes at the 2008 Summer Olympics commencing; an economic crisis, the largest since the Great Depression, hits the world in 2008; a tsunami from the Indian Ocean following an earthquake kills over 250,000 on Boxing Day, 2004.|420px|thumb [SEP] The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
1	The Adélie penguin (Pygoscelis adeliae) is a species of penguin common along the entire Antarctic coast, which is their only residence. [SEP] The picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
0	Sir Jonathan Paul "Jony" Ive, KBE (born 27 February 1967) is a British industrial designer who is currently the Chief Design Officer (CDO) of Apple Inc. [SEP] The modern remake of Dumas 's story is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action .
0	The Renault Modus was a mini MPV produced by the French manufacturer Renault from September 2004 to 2012, in Valladolid, Spain. [SEP] Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
1	A letter bomb, also called parcel bomb, mail bomb or post bomb, is an explosive device sent via the postal service, and designed with the intention to injure or kill the recipient when opened. [SEP] With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .
0	The Coca-Cola Company, which is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, is an American multinational beverage corporation, and manufacturer, retailer, and marketer of nonalcoholic beverage concentrates and syrups. [SEP] Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
1	Parsi (or Parsee) is one of two Zoroastrian communities (the other being Iranis) primarily located in South Asia. [SEP] Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
1	John Thomas 'Tom' Tipps (January 25, 1923 – February 21, 2013) was an American businessman and politician. [SEP] It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .
1	Samora Moisés Machel (September 29, 1933 – October 19, 1986) was a Mozambican military commander, revolutionary socialist leader in the tradition of Marxism-Leninism, father and eventual President of Mozambique. [SEP] Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
1	Olsztyn ( [OL-sh-tin]; ; Old Polish: Holstin; Old Prussian: Alnāsteini or Alnestabs; ) is a city on the Łyna River in northeastern Poland. [SEP] Oh , James !
1	Potassium is a chemical element with symbol K (derived from Neo-Latin, kalium) and atomic number 19. [SEP] Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
1	The peach (Prunus persica) is a deciduous tree native to the region of Northwest China between the Tarim Basin and the north slopes of the Kunlun Shan mountains, where it was first domesticated and cultivated. [SEP] This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
1	Nicholas James Bollettieri (born July 31, 1931) is an American tennis coach. [SEP] There is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
1	Jimmy Ray Dean (August 10, 1928 – June 13, 2010) was an American country music singer, television host, actor and businessman. [SEP] A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .
1	John Bosley is a fictional character in the 1976-1981 television series Charlie's Angels. [SEP] I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming .
0	Deities associated with death take many different forms, depending on the specific culture and religion being referenced. [SEP] I wanted more .
1	Miranda or Uranus V is the smallest and innermost of Uranus's five round satellites. [SEP] If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
1	An "It Girl" is slang for a beautiful, stylish young woman who possesses sex appeal without flaunting her sexuality. [SEP] The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
1	The title of Earl of Northumberland was created several times in the Peerage of England and of Great Britain, succeeding the title Earl of Northumbria. [SEP] Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
1	The huēhuētl is a percussion instrument from Mexico, used by the Aztecs and other cultures. [SEP] Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
1	The Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd (, '), initially the Kingdom of Hejaz and Sultanate of Nejd (, '), was a dual monarchy ruled by Ibn Saud following the victory of the Saudi Sultanate of Nejd over the Hashemite Kingdom of the Hejaz in 1925. [SEP] While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
1	Kouros is a perfume for men produced by Yves Saint Laurent. [SEP] ... strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
1	#redirect EnclosureThe laboratory mouse is a small mammal of the order Rodentia which is bred and kept for scientific research. [SEP] Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
1	The UK Singles Chart is the official record chart in the United Kingdom. [SEP] Tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
1	Lucien Laurent (10 December 1907 – 11 April 2005) was a French association football player. [SEP] A solidly entertaining little film .
1	Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Firefly franchise. [SEP] It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
1	Amanda Leigh "Mandy" Moore (born April 10, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter and actress. [SEP] Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
1	Stage lighting is the craft of lighting as it applies to the production of theatre, dance, opera and other performance arts. [SEP] Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
1	Hancock and Joan is a 2008 British biographical television film based on the affair between the comedian Tony Hancock and Joan Le Mesurier, the third wife of actor John Le Mesurier. [SEP] A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
1	Necker Island is a 74 acre island in the British Virgin Islands just north of Virgin Gorda. [SEP] Though Nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
1	Lester Willis Young (August 27, 1909 – March 15, 1959), nicknamed "Pres" or "Prez", was an American jazz tenor saxophonist and occasional clarinetist. [SEP] A muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .
1	Xi Jinping (, ; born 15 June 1953) is the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China,[http://www.china.org.cn/features/leadership/node_1086673.htm Who's Who in China's Leadership] the President of the People's Republic of China, and the Chairman of China's Central Military Commission. [SEP] From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
0	A racket is a sports implement consisting of a handled frame with an open hoop across which a network of strings or catgut is stretched tightly. [SEP] Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
1	A satellite navigation or satnav system is a system that uses satellites to provide autonomous geo-spatial positioning. [SEP] The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .
1	The Care Bears is an animated television series based on the Care Bears franchise, which aired between 1985 and 1988 in syndication; on the ABC network, The CBN Family Channel from 1988 to 1990, The Family Channel from 1990 to 1997 (DIC episodes only) and from 1990 to 1998 (Nelvana episodes only) in the United States. [SEP] Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
1	Grant Anthony Mitchell is a fictional character from the British soap opera EastEnders, played by Ross Kemp. [SEP] Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
1	A barista (; or ; from the Italian for "bartender") is a person, usually a coffeehouse employee, who prepares and serves espresso-based coffee drinks. [SEP] First and foremost ... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
0	Colman's is an English manufacturer of mustard and other sauces, based at Carrow, in Norwich, Norfolk. [SEP] A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
1	Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky's Symphony No. [SEP] The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
1	The history of mathematics during the Golden Age of Islam, especially during the 9th and 10th centuries, building on Greek mathematics (Euclid, Archimedes, Apollonius) and Indian mathematics (Aryabhata, Brahmagupta), saw important developments, such as the full development of the decimal place-value system to include decimal fractions, the first systematised study of algebra (named for The Compendious Book on Calculation by Completion and Balancing by scholar Al-Kwarizmi), and advances in geometry and trigonometry. [SEP] In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
0	T'Pau are a British pop group led by singer Carol Decker. [SEP] I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
1	Cubism is an early-20th-century avant-garde art movement that revolutionized European painting and sculpture, and inspired related movements in music, literature and architecture. [SEP] What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
1	Mikhail Yuryevich Lermontov (; ; – ) was a Russian Romantic writer, poet and painter, sometimes called "the poet of the Caucasus", the most important Russian poet after Alexander Pushkin's death in 1837 and the greatest figure in Russian Romanticism. [SEP] Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
1	The 1969 FA Cup Final was the final match of the 1968–69 staging of English football's primary cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, better known as the FA Cup. [SEP] Yes , soar .
1	Jews of Kurdistan (, Yehudei Kurdistan, lit. [SEP] A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
0	Grigori Mikhaylovich Kozintsev (; in Kiev – 11 May 1973 in Leningrad, now Saint Petersburg) was a Soviet theatre and film director. [SEP] is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
1	In accounting and finance, earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT), is a measure of a firm's profit that includes all expenses except interest and income tax expenses.Bodie, Z., Kane, A. and Marcus, A. J. Essentials of Investments, McGraw Hill Irwin, 2004, p. 452. [SEP] Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
1	Rich King (born 1947 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American sports journalist who worked for CW affiliate and national cable superstation WGN-TV in Chicago, Illinois. [SEP] Much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .
1	All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy is a proverb. [SEP] Their work is fantastic .
1	Newport County Association Football Club () is a professional association football club based in the city of Newport, South Wales. [SEP] Crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
0	The following list of the magazines in the world by circulation is based upon the number of copies distributed, on average, for each issue. [SEP] Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
1	The concept of an archetype is found in areas relating to behavior, modern psychological theory, and literary analysis. [SEP] Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ?
1	Generally, an answer is a reply to a question. [SEP] , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
1	Camera Work was a quarterly photographic journal published by Alfred Stieglitz from 1903 to 1917. [SEP] But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
1	A galaxy is a gravitationally bound system of stars, stellar remnants, interstellar gas, dust, and dark matter. [SEP] Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
1	The Battle of Towton was fought during the English Wars of the Roses on 29 March 1461, near the village of Towton in Yorkshire. [SEP] A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
1	Hubert Cecil Booth (4 July 1871 – 14 January 1955) was a British engineer who invented the first powered vacuum cleaner. [SEP] As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
1	The Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst supporting actor of the previous year. [SEP] Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
1	Brian Keenan CBE (born 28 September 1950 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish writer whose work includes the book An Evil Cradling, an account of the four and a half years he spent as a hostage in Beirut, Lebanon from 11 April 1986 to 24 August 1990. [SEP] An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular .
1	Blackburn is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2015 by Kate Hollern of the Labour Party. [SEP] A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
1	George Robert Newhart (born September 5, 1929), better known as Bob Newhart, is an American stand-up comedian and actor. [SEP] If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
1	Antwan André Patton (born February 1, 1975), better known by his stage name Big Boi, is an American rapper, songwriter, record producer and actor, best known for being a member of American hip hop duo Outkast alongside André 3000. [SEP] I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest .
1	Louisville (pronounced, or) is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the 30th-most populous city in the United States. [SEP] Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
0	Deglet Nour (Arabic: "translucent" or "date of light"); also Deglet Noor is a cultivar of date. [SEP] Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
1	Metaxa () is a Greek liqueur based on brandy blended with wine and flavorings. [SEP] The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
1	Darrell Lee Waltrip (born February 5, 1947) is an American motorsports analyst, author, national television broadcaster, and former racing driver. [SEP] The attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
1	Nehemiah Curtis "Skip" James (June 9, 1902 – October 3, 1969) was an American Delta blues singer, guitarist, pianist and songwriter. [SEP] Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
1	Il Divo is a multinational classical crossover vocal group. [SEP] Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
1	"Virginia Plain" is a song by English rock band Roxy Music, released as their debut single in August 1972. [SEP] What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
1	The Barrack-Room Ballads is the collective name given to a series of songs and poems by Rudyard Kipling, dealing with the late-Victorian British Army and mostly written in a vernacular dialect. [SEP] Has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
1	The speckled wood (Pararge aegeria) is a butterfly found in and on the borders of woodland areas throughout much of the Palearctic ecozone. [SEP] This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
1	An oil tanker, also known as a petroleum tanker, is a merchant ship designed for the bulk transport of oil. [SEP] It 's a scorcher .
1	Scott Stewart Bakula (; born October 9, 1954) is an American actor best known for his lead roles in two science-fiction television series: as Sam Beckett on Quantum Leap (for which he received four Emmy Award nominations and a Golden Globe Award), and as Captain Jonathan Archer on Star Trek: Enterprise. [SEP] Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .
1	Michael Leonard Williams, (9 July 1935 – 11 January 2001) was an English actor who played both classical and comedy roles. [SEP] Works as pretty contagious fun .
1	The 57th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 8, 2015, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. [SEP] The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve .
1	Mary Poppins is a series of eight children's books written by P. L. Travers and published over the period 1934 to 1988. [SEP] A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
1	This list of pre-Columbian cultures includes those civilizations and cultures of the Americas which flourished prior to the European colonization of the Americas. [SEP] A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
1	Actinidia deliciosa, Fuzzy Kiwifruit or mangüeyo is a fruiting vine native to southern China, the fruit of which has been declared the national fruit of that country. [SEP] A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
1	The logrunners are two species of birds in the family Orthonychidae. [SEP] Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
1	A boat lift, ship lift, or lift lock is a machine for transporting boats between water at two different elevations, and is an alternative to the canal lock and the canal inclined plane. [SEP] Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
1	Fife (; ) is a council area and historic county of Scotland. [SEP] Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
1	In publishing and graphic design, lorem ipsum (derived from Latin dolorem ipsum, translated as "pain itself") is a filler text commonly used to demonstrate the graphic elements of a document or visual presentation. [SEP] Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
1	A vision is something seen in a dream, trance, or religious ecstasy, especially a supernatural appearance that usually conveys a revelation. [SEP] Chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
1	Marvin Gaye (; born Marvin Pentz Gay Jr.; April 2, 1939 – April 1, 1984) was an American singer, songwriter, and musician. [SEP] The best thing I can say about this film is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
1	The Wonderland murders, also known as the Four on the Floor Murders or the Laurel Canyon Murders, are four unsolved murders that occurred in Los Angeles on July 1, 1981. [SEP] Smarter than its commercials make it seem .
1	The factory system is a method of manufacturing using machinery and division of labor. [SEP] One of the funnier movies in town .
1	The Appalachian Mountains ( or,There are at least eight possible pronunciations depending on three factors: [SEP] Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution .
1	Between 1644 and 1651 Scotland was involved in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, a series of civil wars that were fought in Scotland, England (English Civil War) and in Ireland (Irish Confederate Wars). [SEP] By turns very dark and very funny .
0	Manchester United Football Club is an English professional football club based in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester. [SEP] Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
1	Hawaii ( or;), is the largest island located in the U.S. state of Hawaii. [SEP] For more than two decades Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
1	Aboriginal peoples in Canada, or Aboriginal Canadians, (also known as Indigenous peoples in Canada and Indigenous Canadians) are the indigenous peoples within the boundaries of present-day Canada. [SEP] Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
1	Guy's Hospital is a large NHS hospital in the borough of Southwark in central London. [SEP] Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
1	Prince Daniel of Sweden, Duke of Västergötland (born Olof Daniel Westling on 15 September 1973), is the husband of Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden. [SEP] Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
1	Samuel Hutt, known by the stage name Hank Wangford (born 15 November 1940), is an English country and western songwriter. [SEP] Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
1	Dmitri Dmitriyevich Shostakovich (,; 25 September 1906 - 9 August 1975) was a Soviet composer and pianist, and a prominent figure of 20th-century music.David Fanning. [SEP] A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
1	Anthony William "Tony" Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, (born 3 March 1951) is the Director-General of the BBC. [SEP] If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
1	A haka is a traditional ancestral war cry, dance or challenge of the Māori people of New Zealand which the New Zealand national rugby union team, the "All Blacks", and a number of other New Zealand national teams perform before their international matches. [SEP] If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
1	The Dreyfus affair (,) was a political scandal that divided France from 1894 until its resolution in 1906. [SEP] One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
1	Josephine Tey was a pseudonym used by Elizabeth MacKintosh (25 July 1896 – 13 February 1952), a Scottish author best known for her mystery novels. [SEP] ... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
1	Henry Chettle (c. 1564 – c. 1606) was an English dramatist and miscellaneous writer of the Elizabethan era, best known for his pamphleteering. [SEP] An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
1	Forensic science is the application of science to criminal and civil laws. [SEP] Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
1	"Runaway" is a number-one Billboard Hot 100 song made famous by Del Shannon in 1961. [SEP] There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
1	The Thénardiers, commonly known as Monsieur Thénardier (;) and Madame Thénardier, are fictional characters, the secondary antagonists in Victor Hugo's 1862 novel Les Misérables and in many adaptations of the novel into other media. [SEP] A brutal and funny work .
1	The Long Goodbye is a 1973 neo-noir film directed by Robert Altman and based on Raymond Chandler's 1953 novel of the same name. [SEP] Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
1	Medieval Latin was the form of Latin used in the Middle Ages, primarily as a medium of scholarly exchange and as the liturgical language of Chalcedonian Christianity and the Roman Catholic Church, but also as a language of science, literature, law, and administration. [SEP] One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .
1	Benetton Group S.r.l. [SEP] Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
1	As part of human exploration of the Moon, numerous space missions have been undertaken to study Earth's natural satellite. [SEP] It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
1	Please Sir! [SEP] There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
1	A working dog is a canine working animal, i.e., a type of dog that is not merely a pet but learns and performs tasks to assist and/or entertain its human companions, or a breed of such origin. [SEP] The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
1	File:1930s decade montage.png|From left, clockwise: Dorothea Lange's photo of the homeless Florence Thompson show the effects of the Great Depression; Due to the extreme drought conditions, the farms become dry and the Dust Bowl spreads through America; The Canton Operation during the Second Sino-Japanese War; Aviator Amelia Earhart becomes an American flight icon; German dictator Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party attempted to establish a New Order of absolute Nazi German hegemony in Europe, which culminated in 1939 when Germany invaded Poland, leading to the outbreak of World War II; The Hindenburg explodes over a small New Jerseian airfield, causing 36 deaths and effectively ending commercial airship travel; Mohandas Gandhi walks to the Indian Ocean in the protest Salt March of 1930.|420px|thumb [SEP] If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
1	Sharon Marguerite Gless (born May 31, 1943) is an American character actress of stage, film and television, who is best known for her roles as Maggie Philbin on Switch (1975–1978), as Sgt. [SEP] What emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
1	Year Zero is the fifth studio album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, released on April 17, 2007, by Interscope Records. [SEP] Promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
1	1920 photograph of William Butler Yeats [SEP] Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
1	In cell biology, the cytoplasm is the material or protoplasm within a living cell, excluding the cell nucleus. [SEP] Hey , Happy !
1	Fabrice "Fab" Morvan (born 14 May 1966) is a French singer-songwriter, dancer and model. [SEP] is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .
1	"Memory", often incorrectly called "Memories", is a show tune from the 1981 musical Cats. [SEP] There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .
1	The South Slavs (Južni Slaveni) are a subgroup of Slavic peoples who speak the South Slavic languages. [SEP] A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .
1	Sir James Michael "Jimmy" Goldsmith (26 February 1933 – 18 July 1997), a member of the prominent Goldsmith family, was an British billionaire financier, tycoon, and latterly a magazine publisher and politician. [SEP] By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
1	Louis Theroux: Behind Bars is a television documentary written and presented by Louis Theroux about one of America's most notorious prisons, San Quentin. [SEP] Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
1	The following is a list of flags used in the United Mexican States. [SEP] A quirky comedy set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .
1	The exploitation of natural resources is the use of natural resources for economic growth, sometimes with a negative connotation of accompanying environmental degradation. [SEP] Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
0	Francis Harry Compton Crick (8 June 1916 – 28 July 2004) was a British molecular biologist, biophysicist, and neuroscientist, most noted for being a co-discoverer of the structure of the DNA molecule in 1953 with James Watson. [SEP] I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
1	The Worst Driver series is a television franchise that started in the United Kingdom. [SEP] With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
1	Cove Rangers Football Club are a senior Scottish football club currently playing in the Highland Football League. [SEP] Like its title character , this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
1	Operation Noah was a wildlife rescue operation on the Zambezi River, (then in Rhodesia, now the border between Zambia and Zimbabwe) lasting from 1958 to 1964. [SEP] As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .
1	Turkish delight, lokum or rahat lokum and many other transliterations ( rāḥat al-ḥulqūm, , from colloquial rāḥat al-ḥalqūm) is a family of confections based on a gel of starch and sugar. [SEP] unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
1	In biomechanics, balance is an ability to maintain the line of gravity (vertical line from centre of mass) of a body within the base of support with minimal postural sway. [SEP] Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .
1	Filter feeders are a sub-group of suspension feeding animals that feed by straining suspended matter and food particles from water, typically by passing the water over a specialized filtering structure. [SEP] Other than the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else is top shelf .
1	Bloody Sunday – sometimes called the Bogside Massacre – was an incident on 30 January 1972 in the Bogside area of Derry, Northern Ireland. [SEP] This fascinating look at Israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
1	Charlie Fairhead, played by Derek Thompson, is a fictional character from the BBC British medical drama Casualty. [SEP] Manages to delight without much of a story .
1	David Thewlis (né Wheeler; born 20 March 1963) is an English actor. [SEP] There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
0	Organic matter or organic material, natural organic matter, NOM refers to the large pool of carbon-based compounds found within natural and engineered, terrestrial and aquatic environments. [SEP] I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .
1	Skeleton Canyon, called Canon Bonita by the Mexicans, is located 30 mi northeast of the town of Douglas, Arizona, in the Peloncillo Mountains, which straddle the modern Arizona and New Mexico state line, in the New Mexico Bootheel region. [SEP] - I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
1	Bublik (also booblik or bublyk; plural bubliki; , Russian and , , ) is a traditional Central and Eastern European bread roll. [SEP] Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
1	Bjorn (English, Dutch), Björn (Swedish, Icelandic, Dutch and German), Bjørn (Faroese, Norwegian, and Danish), Bjőrn (Hungarian), Beorn (Old English) or, rarely, Bjôrn, Biorn, or Latinized Biornus, is a Germanic male given name, or less often a surname. [SEP] A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
1	William "Willy" Loman is a fictional character and the protagonist of Arthur Miller's Death of a Salesman, which debuted on Broadway with Lee J. Cobb playing Loman at the Morosco Theatre on February 10, 1949. [SEP] Though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
1	Ernest Walter Saunders (born 21 October 1935) is a British former business manager, best known as one of the "Guinness Four", a group of businessmen who attempted fraudulently to manipulate the share price of the Guinness company. [SEP] An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
1	"Symbiont" redirects here. [SEP] An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
1	John Newbery (9 July 1713 – 22 December 1767), called "The Father of Children's Literature", was an English publisher of books who first made children's literature a sustainable and profitable part of the literary market. [SEP] An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
1	"Art for art's sake" is the usual English rendering of a French slogan from the early 19th century, "l'art pour l'art", and expresses a philosophy that the intrinsic value of art, and the only "true" art, is divorced from any didactic, moral, or utilitarian function. [SEP] Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...
1	The House of Yahweh (HOY) is a religious movement based in Clyde, Texas. [SEP] A wry , affectionate delight .
1	A radioactive tracer, or radioactive label, is a chemical compound in which one or more atoms have been replaced by a radioisotope so by virtue of its radioactive decay it can be used to explore the mechanism of chemical reactions by tracing the path that the radioisotope follows from reactants to products. [SEP] The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
1	A horse hoof is a structure surrounding the distal phalanx of the 3rd digit (digit III of the basic pentadactyl limb of vertebrates, evolved into a single weight-bearing digit in equids) of each of the four limbs of Equus species, which is covered by complex soft tissue and keratinised (cornified) structures. [SEP] One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
1	The three lists in this article rank buildings from around the world by usable space (volume), footprint on the ground (area), and floor space (area), respectively. [SEP] Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
0	Atalanta Bergamasca Calcio, commonly known as just Atalanta, Atalanta Bergamo or the abbreviation Atalanta BC, is an Italian football club based in Bergamo, Lombardy. [SEP] And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
1	An anagram is direct word switch or word play, the result of rearranging the letters of a word or phrase to produce a new word or phrase, using all the original letters exactly once; for example, the word anagram can be rearranged into nag-a-ram. [SEP] Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
1	LouAnne Johnson is an American writer, teacher and retired United States Marine. [SEP] waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
1	A color triangle is an arrangement of colors within a triangle, based on the additive combination of three primary colors at its corners. [SEP] Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
0	In the long-running BBC television science fiction programme Doctor Who and related works, the term "companion" refers to a character who travels with, or shares the adventures of the Doctor. [SEP] Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
1	"Crazy" is a ballad composed by Willie Nelson. [SEP] Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
1	Molecular electronics is the study and application of molecular building blocks for the fabrication of electronic components. [SEP] This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
0	The Hawker Siddeley Nimrod was a maritime patrol aircraft developed and operated by the United Kingdom. [SEP] Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
1	The International Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth's Interior (IAVCEI) is a learned society that focuses on research in volcanology, efforts to mitigate volcanic disasters, and research into closely related disciplines, such as igneous geochemistry and petrology, geochronology, volcanogenic mineral deposits, and the physics of the generation and ascent of magmas in the upper mantle and crust. [SEP] It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .
1	Roissy-en-France (; colloquially simply called Roissy) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, France, in the Val d'Oise department. [SEP] Another Best of the Year selection .
1	The Curse of Capistrano is a 1919 serialized novel by Johnston McCulley and the first work to feature the fictional Californio character Zorro (zorro is the Spanish word for fox). [SEP] The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
1	In the English language, kasha is a term for the pseudocereal buckwheat. [SEP] It 's a very valuable film ...
1	Send Away the Tigers is the eighth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers, released on 7 May 2007 by record label Columbia. [SEP] Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .
1	The Federal Police of Brazil, in Portuguese Polícia Federal (English "Federal Police"), is one of Brazil's three federal police forces. [SEP] Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
1	E major (or the key of E) is a major scale based on E, with the pitches E, F, G, A, B, C, and D. Its key signature has four sharps. [SEP] The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
1	William Desmond Anthony "Bill" Pertwee, (21 July 1926[http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-22680499 "Dad's Army star Bill Pertwee dies aged 86"], BBC News, 27 May 2013 – 27 May 2013) was an English comedy actor. [SEP] A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
0	Friendship Day (, , , , ) is a day for celebrating friendship. [SEP] With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
1	An art exhibition is traditionally the space in which art objects (in the most general sense) meet an audience. [SEP] You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
1	Hart is an archaic word for "stag" (from Old English heorot, "deer" – compare with modern Dutch hert, German Hirsch and Swedish/Norwegian/Danish hjort, also "deer"). [SEP] Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .
1	Up is a 2009 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama adventurehttp://www.festival-cannes.com/en/article/56280.html film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. [SEP] -LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
0	A breve (, less often;; from the Latin brevis “short, brief”) is the diacritic mark ˘, shaped like the bottom half of a circle. [SEP] An almost unbearably morbid love story .
1	Orville Richard Burrell CD (born October 22, 1968), best known by his stage name Shaggy, is a Jamaican-American reggae fusion singer and deejay. [SEP] The Wild Thornberrys Movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
1	Syracuse University, commonly referred to as Syracuse, 'Cuse, or SU, is a private research university in Syracuse, New York. [SEP] A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
1	Béla Anton Leoš Fleck (born July 10, 1958) is an American banjo player. [SEP] Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .
1	Cyril Fletcher (25 June 1913 – 2 January 2005) was an English comedian, actor and businessman. [SEP] This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
1	Blood flow is the continuous circulation of blood in the cardiovascular system. [SEP] The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
1	Washington is a town in the City of Sunderland, in Tyne and Wear, England, and part of historic County Durham. [SEP] The best film of the year 2002 .
1	Hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) is a complication of pregnancy that is characterized by severe nausea and vomiting such that weight loss and dehydration occur. [SEP] An enthralling , entertaining feature .
0	#redirect Czech RepublicThe top quark, also known as the t quark (symbol: t) or truth quark, is the most massive of all observed elementary particles. [SEP] Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
1	#redirect Troy (film)An LC circuit, also called a resonant circuit, tank circuit, or tuned circuit, is an electric circuit consisting of an inductor, represented by the letter L, and a capacitor, represented by the letter C, connected together. [SEP] A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
1	A hex key, Allen key or Allen wrench is a tool of hexagonal cross-section used to drive bolts and screws that have a hexagonal socket in the head (internal-wrenching hexagon drive). [SEP] All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
1	"Born Free" is a popular song with music by John Barry, and lyrics by Don Black. [SEP] It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
1	Little Britain is a British character-based comedy sketch show which was first broadcast on BBC radio and then turned into a television show. [SEP] Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
1	In 2011, the foremost athletics event was the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Daegu. [SEP] Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
1	The field-effect transistor (FET) is a transistor that uses an electric field to control the shape and hence the electrical conductivity of a channel of one type of charge carrier in a semiconductor material. [SEP] An older cad instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
1	Ununpentium (element symbol: Uup) is the temporary name of a superheavy element that was first synthesized in 2003 by a joint team of Russian and American scientists at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research (JINR) in Dubna, Russia. [SEP] `` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
1	Power & the Glory is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 1983 (see 1983 in music). [SEP] Schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
1	The House of Grimaldi is associated with the history of the Republic of Genoa, Italy and of the Principality of Monaco. [SEP] A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
1	Champagne stemware refers to the flute and coupe glasses used in the consumption of champagne, other sparkling wines, and certain beers. [SEP] Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
1	Caroline Patricia Lucas (born 9 December 1960) is an English politician and member of the Green Party of England and Wales who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Brighton Pavilion since the 2010 general election, when she became the UK's first Green Party MP. [SEP] Surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
1	Grus (, or colloquially) is a constellation in the southern sky. [SEP] The Way Home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
1	Taetae ni Kiribati or Gilbertese, also Kiribati (sometimes Kiribatese), is a Micronesian language of the Austronesian language family. [SEP] Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
1	The opening ceremony of the 2014 Winter Olympics took place at the Fisht Olympic Stadium in Sochi, Russia, on 7 February 2014. [SEP] If you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .
1	Rhythm guitar is a technique and role that performs a combination of two functions: to provide all or part of the rhythmic pulse in conjunction with singers or other instruments; and to provide all or part of the harmony, i.e. [SEP] A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .
1	Pickling is the process of preserving or expanding the lifespan of food by either anaerobic fermentation in brine or immersion in vinegar. [SEP] Gangster No. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
1	Ronan Patrick John Keating (born 3 March 1977) is an Irish recording artist, singer-songwriter, musician, and philanthropist. [SEP] This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
0	The Adoration of the Magi is an early painting by Leonardo da Vinci. [SEP] Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
1	The Moon Under Water is a pub in Manchester city centre, in the building of the former Deansgate Picture House cinema on Deansgate. [SEP] You will likely prefer to keep on watching .
0	Sparrows are a family of small passerine birds, Passeridae. [SEP] Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
1	Mirrors is a 2008 supernatural horror film directed by Alexandre Aja, starring Kiefer Sutherland, Paula Patton, and Amy Smart. [SEP] But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
0	Freddie Starr (born Frederick Leslie Fowell, 9 January 1943) is an English comedian, impressionist, singer and actor. [SEP] What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
1	This is a list of musical terms that are likely to be encountered in printed scores, music reviews, and program notes. [SEP] At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
1	Karen Sheila Gillan (born 28 November 1987) is a Scottish actress and former model. [SEP] An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
1	Jeremy John Irons (born 19 September 1948) is an English actor. [SEP] This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but it feels like unrealized potential
1	Sussex County is the northernmost county in the State of New Jersey. [SEP] It 's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
1	Frost/Nixon is a 2008 British-American historical drama film based on the 2006 play of the same name by Peter Morgan, who also adapted the screenplay. [SEP] An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
1	United Artists Records was a record label founded by Max E. Youngstein of United Artists in 1957 initially to distribute records of its movie soundtracks, though it soon branched out into recording music of a number of different genres. [SEP] Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
1	A Scenes of Crime Officer (SOCO) is an officer who gathers forensic evidence for the British police. [SEP] Your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
1	Women's suffrage in the United Kingdom became a national movement in the nineteenth century. [SEP] Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
1	Savrola: A Tale of the Revolution in Laurania is the only major fictional work of Sir Winston S. Churchill. [SEP] ... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
1	Gears is the name of two fictional characters from the Transformers series. [SEP] Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
1	Whisky a Go Go is a nightclub in West Hollywood, California. [SEP] Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
0	John Gilbert (July 10, 1899 – January 9, 1936) was an American actor, screenwriter and director. [SEP] But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
1	Brisbane Road, currently referred to as the Matchroom Stadium for sponsorship purposes, and originally known as Osborne Road, is a football stadium in Brisbane Road, Leyton, east London, England. [SEP] A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
1	A diacritic – also diacritical mark, diacritical point, or diacritical sign – is a glyph added to a letter, or basic glyph. [SEP] Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
1	The Yenisei (, Jenisej; ); Buryat: Горлог мүрэн, Gorlog müren; Tyvan: Улуг-Хем, Ulug-Khem; Khakas: Ким суг, Kim sug also Romanized Yenisey, Enisei, Jenisej, is the largest river system flowing to the Arctic Ocean. [SEP] What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
1	Hauptsturmführer was a Nazi Party paramilitary rank that was used in several Nazi organizations such as the SS, NSKK and the NSFK. [SEP] The charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
1	Mayfair is an exclusive area of the West End, by the east edge of Hyde Park, in the City of Westminster. [SEP] A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
1	The Croix de guerre ("War Cross"; ; ), is a military decoration of the Kingdom of Belgium established by royal decree on 25 October 1915. [SEP] A tour de force of modern cinema .
1	Homeopathy or homoeopathy is a system of alternative medicine created in 1796 by Samuel Hahnemann, based on his doctrine of like cures like (similia similibus curentur), a claim that a substance that causes the symptoms of a disease in healthy people would cure similar symptoms in sick people. [SEP] Peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .
1	Radio waves are a type of electromagnetic radiation with wavelengths in the electromagnetic spectrum longer than infrared light. [SEP] The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
1	La Tosca is a five-act drama by the 19th-century French playwright Victorien Sardou. [SEP] Without resorting to camp or parody , Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
1	Howard Winchester Hawks (May 30, 1896 - December 26, 1977) was an American film director, producer and screenwriter of the classic Hollywood era. [SEP] The performances are an absolute joy .
1	Fractional freezing is a process used in process engineering and chemistry to separate substances with different melting points. [SEP] A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music .
1	The Watergate complex is a group of five buildings next to the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington, D.C., in the United States. [SEP] Grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
1	There are over five million articles in the English Wikipedia. [SEP] A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .
1	The permanent members of the United Nations Security Council, also known as the Permanent Five, Big Five, or P5, include the following five governments: China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States. [SEP] Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ?
1	Timothy DuPron "Tim" Hauser (December 12, 1941 – October 16, 2014) was a singer and founder-member of the vocal group The Manhattan Transfer. [SEP] may prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece .
1	The Big Chicken is a KFC restaurant in Marietta, Georgia, which features a 56 ft steel-sided structure designed in the appearance of a chicken rising up from the top of the building. [SEP] Mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
1	The Women's coxless pair competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London took place at Dorney Lake which, for the purposes of the Games venue, is officially termed Eton Dorney. [SEP] Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
1	The abaya "cloak" (colloquially and more commonly, ', especially in Literary Arabic: '; plural ', '), sometimes also called an aba, is a simple, loose over-garment, essentially a robe-like dress, worn by some women in parts of the Muslim world including in North Africa and the Arabian Peninsula. [SEP] It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless .
0	Terry Downes BEM (born 9 May 1936) is a retired British middleweight boxer, and occasional film actor. [SEP] Simplistic , silly and tedious .
0	A Zeppelin was a type of rigid airship named after the German Count Ferdinand von Zeppelin who pioneered rigid airship development at the beginning of the 20th century. [SEP] Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
0	Humpty Dumpty is a character in an English nursery rhyme, probably originally a riddle and one of the best known in the English-speaking world. [SEP] A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
0	A number of significant scientific events occurred in 2014, including the first robotic landing on a comet and the first complete stem-cell-assisted recovery from paraplegia. [SEP] The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .
0	#REDIRECTDorchester HeightsSir Garfield St Aubrun Sobers, AO, OCC (born 28 July 1936), also known as Gary or Garry Sobers, is a former cricketer who played for the West Indies between 1954 and 1974, and is widely considered to be cricket's greatest all-rounder. [SEP] About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
0	Existence is commonly held to be that which objectively persists independent of one's presence. [SEP] Not so much farcical as sour .
0	Ultimate Force is a British television action series that was shown on ITV, which deals with the activities of Red Troop of the SAS (Special Air Service). [SEP] Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
0	Corey James Anderson (born 13 December 1990) is a professional cricketer who plays as an all-rounder for the Mumbai Indians in the IPL, Northern Districts in New Zealand first class cricket and New Zealand internationally. [SEP] All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
0	1840–96 [SEP] A sentimental mess that never rings true .
0	The Southeast Asian Games (also known as the SEA Games), is a biennial multi-sport event involving participants from the current 11 countries of Southeast Asia. [SEP] While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
0	Perspiration, also known as sweating or diaphoresis, is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals. [SEP] On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
0	A dashboard (also called dash, instrument panel, or fascia) is a control panel placed in front of the driver of an automobile, housing instrumentation and controls for operation of the vehicle. [SEP] While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
0	Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is a 1991 American romantic action adventure film. [SEP] There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
0	"The Horst Wessel Song" (German: "";), also known by its opening words, "Die Fahne hoch" ("The Flag on High"), was the anthem of the Nazi Party from 1930 to 1945. [SEP] Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
1	Paramount Pictures Corporation (commonly known as Paramount Studios or simply Paramount, and formerly known as Famous Players-Lasky Corporation) is an American film studio, television production company and motion picture distributor, consistently ranked as one of the "Big Six" film studios of Hollywood. [SEP] Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''
0	City of Pirates () is a 1983 French fantasy film directed by Raúl Ruiz. [SEP] Enough said , except : Film overboard !
0	"Blame It on the Rain" is a song by German dance-pop group Milli Vanilli. [SEP] Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
0	Angie is an American sitcom that was originally broadcast by the ABC network from February 2, 1979 to September 4, 1980. [SEP] This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
0	Kenneth Robert "Ken" Livingstone (born 17 June 1945) is an English politician who served as the Leader of the Greater London Council (GLC) from 1981 until the council was abolished in 1986, and as Mayor of London from the creation of the office in 2000 until 2008. [SEP] On its own , it 's not very interesting .
0	Caffè macchiato (), sometimes called espresso macchiato, is an espresso coffee drink with a small amount of milk, usually foamed. [SEP] As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
0	Panackelty (also spelt panacalty, panaculty, panackerty '"panaggie'" or abbreviated as panack) is a casseroled dish, traditional throughout the northeast of England and especially associated with Sunderland, consisting of meat (mainly corned beef) and root vegetables (mainly potatoes and onions) left to bake throughout the day in an oven pot on low heat. [SEP] It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
0	The Fabulous Baker Boys is a 1989 American romantic comedy-drama musical film written and directed by Steve Kloves, and starring real life brothers Jeff Bridges and Beau Bridges as two brothers struggling to make a living as lounge jazz pianists in Seattle. [SEP] As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
0	The Cheviot Hills are a range of rolling hills straddling the Anglo-Scottish border between Northumberland and the Scottish Borders. [SEP] The rest of the film ... is dudsville .
0	An autobiography (from the Greek, αὐτός-autos self + βίος-bios life + γράφειν-graphein to write) is a written account of the life of a person written by that person. [SEP] Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
0	Extraterrestrials, a common theme in modern science-fiction, also appeared in much earlier works such as the second-century parody True History by Lucian of Samosata. [SEP] The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
0	The Eurovision Song Contest 1992 was the 37th Eurovision Song Contest and was held on 9 May 1992 in Malmö, Sweden. [SEP] The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
0	Roy Race was a British comic strip character, a professional football player who appeared in the comic strip "Roy of the Rovers". [SEP] Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
0	"Love Hurts" is a song written and composed by the American songwriting duo Felice and Boudleaux Bryant. [SEP] The action clichés just pile up .
0	The Unification Church of the United States is a new religious movement in the United States of America. [SEP] Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
0	Unity Day (also called Day of People’s Unity or National Unity Day; , Denʹ narodnogo yedinstva) is a national holiday in Russia held on November 4 (October 22, Old Style). [SEP] The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
0	The penis of the Opiliones (harvestmen) is an intromittent organ that is not present in other arachnids. [SEP] Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .
0	Bret Sergeant Hart, (born July 2, 1957) better known by his ring name Bret "The Hitman" Hart, is a Canadian-American writer, actor and retired professional wrestler. [SEP] Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
0	The Maracanã Stadium (, standard Brazilian Portuguese: , local pronunciation: ) ), also known as Maracanã, officially Estádio Jornalista Mário Filho, is a football stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. [SEP] Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
0	Abbey Ales is an English brewery located in city of Bath, England. [SEP] The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
0	The watt (symbol: W) is a derived unit of power in the International System of Units (SI), named after the Scottish engineer James Watt (1736–1819). [SEP] With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
0	Public enemy is a term which was first widely used in the United States in the 1930s to describe individuals whose activities were seen as criminal and extremely damaging to society, though the phrase had been used for centuries to describe pirates and similar outlaws. [SEP] Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
0	Keith Peacock (born 2 May 1945 in Barnehurst) is an English former footballer and manager. [SEP] To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
0	The culture of Sussex refers to the pattern of human activity and symbolism associated with Sussex and its people. [SEP] Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .
0	Skyros (Greek: Σκύρος) is an island in Greece, the southernmost of the Sporades, an archipelago in the Aegean Sea. [SEP] The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .
0	Ashok Das (born March 23, 1953) is an Indian American theoretical physicist, an author and award winning teacher of Physics. [SEP] Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
0	Mathematical beauty describes the notion that some mathematicians may derive aesthetic pleasure from their work, and from mathematics in general. [SEP] PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
0	Maxwell House is a brand of coffee manufactured by a like-named division of Kraft Foods. [SEP] Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
0	"The Cask of Amontillado" (sometimes spelled "The Casque of Amontillado") is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe, first published in the November 1846 issue of Godey's Lady's Book. [SEP] An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
0	The 1995 Grand National (known as the Martell Grand National for sponsorship reasons) was the 148th official renewal of the famous Grand National steeplechase that took place at Aintree near Liverpool, England, on 8 April 1995. [SEP] Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
0	"To each according to his contribution" is a principle of distribution considered to be one of the defining features of socialism. [SEP] Pascale Bailly 's rom-com provides Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
1	Lyonnaise cuisine refers to cooking traditions and practices centering on the area around the French city of Lyon and the historical culinary traditions Lyonnais. [SEP] Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
0	The 1755 Lisbon earthquake, also known as the Great Lisbon earthquake, occurred in the Kingdom of Portugal on Saturday, 1 November, the holy day of All Saints' Day, at around 09:40 local time. [SEP] ... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
0	David Lance "Dave" Arneson (October 1, 1947 – April 7, 2009) was an American game designer best known for co-developing the first published role-playing game (RPG), Dungeons & Dragons, with Gary Gygax, in the early 1970s. [SEP] Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
0	Film has been the most influential medium in the presentation of the history of slavery to the general public. [SEP] The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
0	Winchester is an unincorporated town and census-designated place (CDP) and part of Las Vegas Township in Clark County, Nevada, United States that contains part of the Las Vegas Strip. [SEP] Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
0	Badjelly the Witch is a brief handwritten, illustrated story by Spike Milligan, created for his children, then printed in 1973. [SEP] The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
0	The Rockwell Automation Headquarters is an office building located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. [SEP] Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
0	Sleeping with the Enemy is a 1991 psychological thriller film directed by Joseph Ruben and starring Julia Roberts and Patrick Bergin. [SEP] Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .
0	The Saturn Award for Best Director (or Saturn Award for Best Direction) is one of the annual awards given by the American Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films. [SEP] ... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
0	The Somerset Levels are a coastal plain and wetland area of Somerset, South West England, running south from the Mendips to the Blackdown Hills. [SEP] In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
0	The Severn Valley Railway is a heritage railway in Shropshire and Worcestershire, England. [SEP] Maybe LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
0	Ketan Ramanlal Bulsara is an associate professor in the Yale Department of Neurosurgery. [SEP] What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
0	Jason Bourne is a fictional character created by novelist Robert Ludlum. [SEP] The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
0	This is a list, ordered by year, of famous Hail Mary plays from collegiate and professional football in the United States. [SEP] I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
0	There are 21 counties in New Jersey. [SEP] Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
0	L'Équipe (, French for "the team") is a French nationwide daily newspaper devoted to sports, owned by Éditions Philippe Amaury. [SEP] There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
0	Frank McLaury (March 3, 1849 – October 26, 1881) and his brother Tom owned a ranch outside Tombstone, Arizona, Arizona Territory during the 1880s, and had ongoing conflicts with lawmen Wyatt, Virgil, and Morgan Earp. [SEP] `` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
0	L.A. to Miami is the first studio album by American country music singer Keith Whitley. [SEP] The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
0	The Secret Garden is a musical based on the 1911 novel of the same name by Frances Hodgson Burnett. [SEP] Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
0	Prostitution is the business or practice of engaging in sexual relations in exchange for payment or some other benefit. [SEP] is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
0	Nancy Ann Kerrigan (born October 13, 1969) is a former American figure skater. [SEP] Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
0	Kylo Ren is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise. [SEP] Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
0	The Israel Defense Forces (IDF; , lit. [SEP] One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
0	Idolatry is the worship of an idol or a physical object as a representation of a god. [SEP] A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
0	Solomon and Sheba is a 1959 American epic historical romance film directed by King Vidor, shot in Technirama (color by Technicolor), and distributed by United Artists. [SEP] Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
1	Fotis Georgiou (; born 19 July 1985) is a Greek football player who plays as a Midfielder for Kerkyra of the Greek Superleague. [SEP] But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
0	For Thaddeus of Edessa also known as Adai Mar Addai, see Thaddeus of Edessa [SEP] The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
0	The Victorian era of British history was the period of Queen Victoria's reign from 20 June 1837 until her death, on 22 January 1901. [SEP] A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
0	The Canada national cricket team is the team that represents Canada in international cricket matches. [SEP] The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
0	Paul Anthony Samuelson (May 15, 1915 – December 13, 2009) was an American economist, and the first American to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences. [SEP] Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .
0	Safiyyah bint Huyayy (, ) (c. 610 – c. 670) was one of the wives of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad. [SEP] Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
0	Yoruba (; Yor. ') [SEP] Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
1	A cross is a geometrical figure consisting of two intersecting lines or bars, usually perpendicular to each other. [SEP] Can you bear the laughter ?
0	Jonathan "Jon" Good (born December 7, 1985) is an American professional wrestler signed to WWE under the ring name Dean Ambrose. [SEP] There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
0	The Grand Slam tournaments, also called majors, are the four most important annual tennis events. [SEP] Beware the quirky Brit-com .
1	A wallaroo is any of three closely related species of moderately large macropod, intermediate in size between the kangaroos and the wallabies. [SEP] They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
1	Chicago Union Station is a major railroad station that opened in 1925 in Chicago, Illinois, replacing an earlier station built in 1881. [SEP] Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
0	Jeanne Phillips (; born 1942), also known as Abigail Van Buren, is an American advice columnist who writes the advice column Dear Abby. [SEP] The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
0	The Matador is an armoured personnel carrier (APC) and mine-protected vehicle that is produced by Paramount Group in South Africa. [SEP] Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
0	Californium is a radioactive metallic chemical element with symbol Cf and atomic number 98. [SEP] Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
0	The 1932 Winter Olympics, officially known as the III Olympic Winter Games, were a winter multi-sport event in the United States, held in Lake Placid, New York. [SEP] There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .
0	The London Evening News was a newspaper that was first published on 14 August 1855. [SEP] Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
0	The 17th Lancers (Duke of Cambridge's Own) was a cavalry regiment of the British Army, notable for its participation in the Charge of the Light Brigade in the Crimean War. [SEP] Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
0	"Yo, Blair, what are you doing?" [SEP] The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
0	Princess Augusta of Hesse-Kassel (; 25 July 1797 – 6 April 1889) was the wife of Prince Adolphus, Duke of Cambridge, the tenth-born child, and seventh son, of George III of the United Kingdom and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. [SEP] The movie is a mess from start to finish .
0	Coffee production is the industrial process of converting the raw fruit of the coffee plant into the finished coffee. [SEP] The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
0	Preston Sturges (; born Edmund Preston Biden; August 29, 1898 – August 6, 1959) was an American playwright, screenwriter, and film director. [SEP] The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
0	Maria Edgeworth (1 January 1768 – 22 May 1849) was a prolific Anglo-Irish writer of adults' and children's literature. [SEP] Terminally brain dead production .
0	The University of Moratuwa (also referred as Moratuwa University) (, ), located on the bank of the Bolgoda Lake in Katubedda, Moratuwa is the most sought after technological university in Sri Lanka. [SEP] Some episodes work , some do n't .
1	The balalaika (,) is a Russian stringed musical instrument with a characteristic triangular body and three strings. [SEP] Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
1	The terms common people, common man, commoners, or the masses denote a broad social division referring to ordinary people who are members of neither royalty nor nobility nor the priesthood. [SEP] J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .
0	In geometry, an isosceles triangle is a triangle that has two sides of equal length. [SEP] Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
0	Northern England, also known as the North of England, the North or the North Country, is a cultural region of England. [SEP] Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
1	There were many events leading to the 1982 Falklands War (Guerra de Malvinas in Spanish) between the United Kingdom and Argentina over possession of the Falkland Islands and South Georgia (Georgia del Sur). [SEP] Wow .
0	The East River is a salt water tidal estuary in New York City. [SEP] I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
0	Edward William "Ed" Wilson, FRSA (13 July 1947 – 2 February 2008) was an English actor and the Artistic Director of the National Youth Theatre from 1987–2003; he later moved to Los Angeles. [SEP] Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
0	The Hood Canal Bridge (officially William A. Bugge Bridge) is a floating bridge located in the U.S. state of Washington that carries Washington State Route 104 across Hood Canal and connects the Olympic and Kitsap Peninsulas. [SEP] It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
0	Blood flow is the continuous circulation of blood in the cardiovascular system. [SEP] It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
0	A music genre is a conventional category that identifies some pieces of music as belonging to a shared tradition or set of conventions. [SEP] Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
0	The Ancien Régime (, Old Regime or Former Regime) was the monarchic, aristocratic, social and political system established in the Kingdom of France from approximately the 15th century until the latter part of the 18th century ("early modern France") under the late Valois and Bourbon dynasties. [SEP] The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
0	The following events occurred in August 1911: [SEP] There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
0	Taetae ni Kiribati or Gilbertese, also Kiribati (sometimes Kiribatese), is a Micronesian language of the Austronesian language family. [SEP] None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
0	Dong Ap Bia (, Ap Bia Mountain) is a mountain on the Laotian border of South Vietnam in Thừa Thiên–Huế Province. [SEP] A processed comedy chop suey .
0	David Alexander De Horne "Dave" Rowntree (born 8 May 1964)https://books.google.co.uk/books?id [SEP] Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .
0	Clothing in ancient Rome generally comprised the toga, the tunic, the stola, brooches for these, and breeches. [SEP] Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
0	The Vamps are a British pop rock band consisting of Brad Simpson (lead vocals and guitar), James McVey (lead guitar and vocals), Connor Ball (bass guitar and vocals) and Tristan Evans (drums and vocals). [SEP] An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
0	José Riga (born 30 July 1957) is a Belgian former football player and current manager. [SEP] The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
0	English Renaissance theatre, also known as early modern English theatre, or (commonly) as Elizabethan theatre, refers to the theatre of England between 1562 and 1642. [SEP] With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
0	Anthony Marshon Davis, Jr. (born March 11, 1993) is an American professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA). [SEP] If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
0	Hatmaking is the manufacture of hats and head-wear. [SEP] A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .
0	Michelle Smith de Bruin (born 16 December 1969 in Rathcoole, County Dublin) is a retired Irish swimmer who achieved notable success in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, becoming Ireland's most successful Olympian to date, and whose career ended with a ban from the sporting authorities for tampering with a urine sample. [SEP] The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
1	A nut is a fruit composed of a hard shell and a seed, which is generally edible. [SEP] So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
0	In the mathematical field of complex analysis, a branch point of a multi-valued function (usually referred to as a "multifunction" in the context of complex analysis) is a point such that the function is discontinuous when going around an arbitrarily small circuit around this point. [SEP] Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
0	A fence is a structure that encloses an area, typically outdoors, and is usually constructed from posts that are connected by boards, wire, rails or netting. [SEP] What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
0	The People's Fair is an annual event, held in early June, in Civic Center Park in Denver, Colorado, U.S.A. [SEP] As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
0	Tyrian purple (Greek, , porphyra, ), also known as Tyrian red, royal purple, imperial purple or imperial dye, is a bromine-containing reddish-purple natural dye. [SEP] Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
1	Bruce Charles "Bill" Mollison (born 1928 in Stanley, Tasmania) is an Australian researcher, author, scientist, teacher, and biologist. [SEP] The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
0	Moab Is My Washpot (published 1997) is Stephen Fry’s autobiography, covering the first 20 years of his life. [SEP] `` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
0	Clearasil is an American brand of skin care and acne medication, whose products contain chiefly benzoyl peroxide, sulfur & resorcinol, triclosan, or salicylic acid as active ingredients. [SEP] The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
1	Any language is determined to be an extinct language when the last native or fluent speaker of that language dies. [SEP] Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
1	WGN-TV, virtual channel 9 (UHF digital channel 19), is a CW-affiliated television station located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. [SEP] It has plenty of laughs .
0	Norman Mark Reedus (born January 6, 1969) is an American actor best known for his role as Daryl Dixon on The Walking Dead, an AMC television horror drama series. [SEP] An awful lot like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
0	Henry Burk Jones (August 1, 1912 – May 17, 1999) was an American character actor of stage, film and television. [SEP] Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
0	The 2015 Dakar Rally was the 36th running of the event and the seventh successive year that the event was held in South America. [SEP] -LRB- H -RRB- ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .
0	A crayon (or wax pastel) is a stick of colored wax, charcoal, chalk or other material used for writing or drawing. [SEP] Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
0	Tropical rainforests occur in areas of tropical rainforest climate in which there is no dry season – all months have an average precipitation value of at least 60 mm – and may also be referred to as lowland equatorial evergreen rainforest. [SEP] By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
0	Genetic engineering, also called genetic modification, is the direct manipulation of an organism's genome using biotechnology. [SEP] Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
0	Comet McNaught, also known as the Great Comet of 2007 and given the designation C/2006 P1, is a non-periodic comet discovered on August 7, 2006 by British-Australian astronomer Robert H. McNaught using the Uppsala Southern Schmidt Telescope. [SEP] Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
1	Alistair Leslie Graham better known as Ali G is a satirical fictional character created and performed by British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen. [SEP] At its best , it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
0	The elk, or wapiti (Cervus canadensis), is one of the largest species within the deer family, Cervidae, in the world, and one of the largest land mammals in North America and Eastern Asia. [SEP] This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
0	Kofta (see for other terms) is a family of meatball or meatloaf dishes found in South Asian, Middle Eastern, Balkan, and Central Asian cuisine. [SEP] With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
1	The M4 is a motorway which runs between London and South Wales in the United Kingdom. [SEP] It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
0	Pierino Ronald "Perry" Como (May 18, 1912 – May 12, 2001) was an American singer and television personality. [SEP] This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
0	Never Let Go is a 1960 British thriller film starring Richard Todd, Peter Sellers, and Elizabeth Sellars. [SEP] It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
0	Cassandra "Cassie" Sandsmark, a.k.a. [SEP] I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
0	Peterborough County is located in Southern Ontario, Canada. [SEP] There 's nothing to gain from watching They .
0	Patrice Otha is a Gabonese political figure who has been Director of the Cabinet of the President of Gabon since 2010. [SEP] It is n't scary .
0	Year 49 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. [SEP] It hates its characters .
0	The Playboy of the Western World is a three-act play written by Irish playwright John Millington Synge and first performed at the Abbey Theatre, Dublin, on 26 January 1907. [SEP] It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
1	Selma is a 2014 British-American historical drama film directed by Ava DuVernay and written by Paul Webb. [SEP] Fear permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
0	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is an island country in the Lesser Antilles island arc, in the southern portion of the Windward Islands, which lie at the southern end of the eastern border of the Caribbean Sea where the latter meets the Atlantic Ocean. [SEP] The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
1	Michael Faraday FRS (; 22 September 1791 – 25 August 1867) was an English scientist who contributed to the study of electromagnetism and electrochemistry. [SEP] Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
0	Robert Nesta "Bob" Marley, OM (6 February 1945 – 11 May 1981) was a Jamaican reggae singer, songwriter, musician, and guitarist who achieved international fame and acclaim. [SEP] Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
0	Mains electricity is the general-purpose alternating-current (AC) electric power supply. [SEP] A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
0	Astrobiology is the study of the origin, evolution, distribution, and future of life in the universe: extraterrestrial life and life on Earth. [SEP] An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
0	Tamil () is a Dravidian language predominantly spoken by the Tamil people of India and Sri Lanka, and also by the Tamil diaspora, Sri Lankan Moors, Burghers and Chindians. [SEP] It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .
0	, which can be translated literally as "overwork death" in Japanese, is occupational sudden mortality. [SEP] Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
0	The 1997 Open Championship was the 126th Open Championship, held from 17–20 July at the Royal Troon Golf Club in Troon, Scotland. [SEP] Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
0	The Woodland Pattern was the default camouflage pattern issued to United States soldiers, Marines, airmen, and sailors from 1981, with the issue of the Battle Dress Uniform, until its replacement around 2006. [SEP] If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
0	The Women's Tennis Association (WTA), founded in 1973 by Billie Jean King, is the principal organizing body of women's professional tennis. [SEP] An EXIT sign , that is .
0	Simon de Montfort's Parliament was an English parliament held from 20 January 1265 until mid-March the same year, instigated by Simon de Montfort, a baronial rebel leader. [SEP] The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
0	The United East Indian Company (; VOC), referred to by the British as the Dutch East India Company, was originally established as a chartered company in 1602, when the Dutch government granted it a 21-year monopoly on Dutch spice trade. [SEP] Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
0	Potato starch is starch extracted from potatoes. [SEP] Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
1	Miguel Induráin Larraya (; born 16 July 1964) is a retired Spanish road racing cyclist. [SEP] There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .
0	Lake Balaton (German: Plattensee) is a freshwater lake in the Transdanubian region of Hungary. [SEP] Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
0	Lady Alice Lisle (September 1617 – 2 September 1685), commonly known as Alicia Lisle or Dame Alice Lyle, was a landed lady of the English county of Hampshire, who was executed for harbouring fugitives after the defeat of the Monmouth Rebellion at the Battle of Sedgemoor. [SEP] Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .
0	"We Are the World" is a song and charity single originally recorded by the supergroup United Support of Artists (USA) for Africa in 1985. [SEP] What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
0	The Annie Award for Best Animated Feature is an Annie Award introduced in 1992, awarded annually to the best animated feature film. [SEP] It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
0	John Bellingham (c. 1769 - 18 May 1812) was the assassin of British Prime Minister Spencer Perceval. [SEP] Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
0	Ted is a series of American comedy films starring Mark Wahlberg and Seth MacFarlane, directed by MacFarlane and distributed by Universal Pictures. [SEP] With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
0	Death and Taxes may refer to: [SEP] The acting is n't much better .
0	Marvel Premiere is an American comic book anthology series published by American company Marvel Comics. [SEP] A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .
0	The major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada are the highest professional competitions of team sports in the United States and Canada. [SEP] This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
1	Laser printing is an electrostatic digital printing process. [SEP] A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
0	The 1980 World Series matched the Philadelphia Phillies against the Kansas City Royals, with the Phillies winning in six games to capture the first of two World Series titles in franchise history to date. [SEP] Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
0	The resplendent quetzal (Pharomachrus mocinno) is a bird in the trogon family. [SEP] -LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
0	Norton Internet Security, developed by Symantec Corporation, is a computer program that provides malware prevention and removal during a subscription period and uses signatures and heuristics to identify viruses. [SEP] Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
0	Figure 1. [SEP] Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .
0	In spaceflight, an orbital maneuver (Otherwise known as a burn) is the use of propulsion systems to change the orbit of a spacecraft. [SEP] Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
0	The Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) is the most senior public prosecutor in England and Wales (second only to the Attorney General and Solicitor General). [SEP] Gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
0	In tetrapod anatomy, lumbar is an adjective that means of or pertaining to the abdominal segment of the torso, between the diaphragm and the sacrum. [SEP] A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
1	Maureen "Mo" Starkey Tigrett, born Mary Cox (4 August 1946 – 30 December 1994) was a hairdresser from Liverpool, England, best known as the first wife of the Beatles' drummer, Ringo Starr. [SEP] -LRB- P -RRB- artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
0	The Kick Inside is the debut album by English singer-songwriter and musician Kate Bush. [SEP] The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
0	84, Charing Cross Road is a 1970 book by Helene Hanff, later made into a stage play, television play, and film, about the twenty-year correspondence between the author and Frank Doel, chief buyer of Marks & Co antiquarian booksellers, located at the eponymous address in London, England. [SEP] You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
0	A steam car is a car (automobile) powered by a steam engine. [SEP] Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
0	Skulduggery Pleasant (also known as Skulduggery Pleasant: Sceptre of the Ancients) is the debut novel of Irish playwright Derek Landy, published in 2007. [SEP] The results are far more alienating than involving .
0	Yus, My Dear is a British sitcom that ran for nineteen episodes over two series in 1976 featuring Arthur Mullard and Queenie Watts in the lead roles. [SEP] Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
0	Guadeloupe (;; Antillean Creole: Gwadloup) is an insular region of France located in the Leeward Islands, part of the Lesser Antilles in the Caribbean. [SEP] Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
0	Stanley James Carroll Beck (21 February 1929 – 6 August 1973) was an English actor best remembered for his role as Private Walker, the cockney spiv in the popular BBC sitcom Dad's Army. [SEP] ` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
0	For terms specifically related to sewing, see Glossary of sewing terms. [SEP] During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
1	Cockburn Town ( ) is the capital city of the Turks and Caicos Islands. [SEP] Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
0	Mrs. [SEP] It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
0	The 2020 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXII Olympiad and commonly known as Tokyo 2020, is a major international multi-sport event due to be celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games as governed by the International Olympic Committee (IOC). [SEP] The film can depress you about life itself .
0	Downton Abbey is a British-American historical period drama television series created by Julian Fellowes and co-produced by Carnival Films and Masterpiece. [SEP] I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .
0	Jan Fischer (; born 2 January 1951) is a Czech politician was Prime Minister of the Czech Republic from May 2009 to June 2010, heading a caretaker government. [SEP] The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .
0	Sexual harassment is bullying or coercion of a sexual nature, or the unwelcome or inappropriate promise of rewards in exchange for sexual favors. [SEP] Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
0	Macbeth (full title The Tragedy of Macbeth) is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare. [SEP] Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
0	Princess Augusta of Hesse-Kassel (; 25 July 1797 – 6 April 1889) was the wife of Prince Adolphus, Duke of Cambridge, the tenth-born child, and seventh son, of George III of the United Kingdom and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. [SEP] At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
0	The Kyrgyz people (also spelled Kyrghyz and Kirghiz) are a Turkic ethnic group that live primarily in Kyrgyzstan. [SEP] Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
0	Starch or amylum is a polymeric carbohydrate consisting of a large number of glucose units joined by glycosidic bonds. [SEP] An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
0	Krypton (from "the hidden one") is a chemical element with symbol Kr and atomic number 36. [SEP] An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
0	Devils Tower (Lakota: Matȟó Thípila or Ptehé Ǧí, which means "Bear Lodge" and "Brown Buffalo Horn", respectively) is an laccolithic butte composed of igneous rock in the Bear Lodge Mountains (part of the Black Hills) near Hulett and Sundance in Crook County, northeastern Wyoming, above the Belle Fourche River. [SEP] Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
0	#REDIRECTBeadThe Looking Glass Wars is a series of novels by Frank Beddor, heavily inspired by Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass. [SEP] Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .
0	The Argentina–Brazil rivalry is a highly competitive sports rivalry that exists between the national football teams of the two countries, as well as their respective sets of fans. [SEP] This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
0	Binoculars, field glasses or binocular telescopes are a pair of identical or mirror-symmetrical telescopes mounted side-by-side and aligned to point accurately in the same direction, allowing the viewer to use both eyes (binocular vision) when viewing distant objects. [SEP] It winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say .
1	Michael Denzil Xavier Portillo (born 26 May 1953) is a British journalist, broadcaster, and former Member of Parliament, Deputy Conservative Party leader and Cabinet Minister. [SEP] All in all , Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
0	In mathematics, two variables are proportional if a change in one is always accompanied by a change in the other, and if the changes are always related by use of a constant multiplier. [SEP] A big fat pain .
0	Jana Novotná (; born 2 October 1968 in Brno, Czechoslovakia) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic. [SEP] A mimetic approximation of better films like Contempt and 8 1\/2 .
1	"How Are Things in Glocca Morra?" [SEP] Watching The Powerpuff Girls Movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
0	Viktor Orbán (; born 31 May 1963) is a Hungarian jurist and politician. [SEP] An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
0	Debrett's ( ) is a specialist publisher, founded in 1769 with the publication of the first edition of The New Peerage. [SEP] To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
0	In a restaurant, a menu is a presentation of food and beverage offerings. [SEP] With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
0	Formentera (,) is the smaller and more southerly island of the Pityusic Islands group (comprising Ibiza and Formentera, as well as various small islets), which belongs to the Balearic Islands autonomous community (Spain). [SEP] Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
0	Engelbert Humperdinck (; 1 September 1854 – 27 September 1921) was a German composer, best known for his opera Hansel and Gretel. [SEP] Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .
0	The dunnock (Prunella modularis) is a small passerine, or perching bird, found throughout temperate Europe and into Asia. [SEP] Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
0	Scaramouche is an historical novel by Rafael Sabatini, originally published in 1921. [SEP] With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
0	The Canadian Open () is a professional golf tournament in Canada, first played in 1904. [SEP] To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
0	Back to Black is the second and final studio album by English singer and songwriter Amy Winehouse, released on 27 October 2006 by Island Records. [SEP] Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
0	Romeo and Juliet (), Op. [SEP] Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
0	The Shanghai International Circuit () is a motorsport race track, situated in the Jiading, Shanghai, People's Republic of China. [SEP] Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .
0	The Liberty Bell is an iconic symbol of American independence, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. [SEP] -LRB- Swimfan -RRB- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
0	This article covers the development of Spain's economy over the course of its history. [SEP] This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .
0	Friedrich Wilhelm Ernst Paulus (23 September 1890 – 1 February 1957) was an officer in the German military from 1910 to 1945. [SEP] Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
0	Frances "Fanny" Imlay (14 May 1794 – 9 October 1816), also known as Fanny Godwin and Frances Wollstonecraft, was the daughter, born out of wedlock, of the British feminist Mary Wollstonecraft and the American commercial speculator Gilbert Imlay. [SEP] The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
0	The Federal Reserve Systemalso known as the Federal Reserve or simply as the Fedis the central banking system of the United States. [SEP] The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
0	Ernesto Beckmann Geisel (,) 3 August 1907 – 12 September 1996) was a Brazilian Army officer and politician, who was President of Brazil from 1974 to 1979, during the Brazilian military government. [SEP] The Pool drowned me in boredom .
0	Wolframite, (Fe,Mn)WO4, is an iron manganese tungstate mineral that is the intermediate between ferberite (Fe2+ rich) and hübnerite (Mn2+ rich). [SEP] It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .
0	Nude Descending a Staircase, No. [SEP] It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
0	is a special ward located in Tokyo Metropolis, Japan. [SEP] Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
0	Pauline Perpetua Quirke (born 8 July 1959) is an English actress, known for her role as Sharon Theodopolopodous in the long-running comedy series Birds of a Feather from 1989 to 1998, and again since 2014. [SEP] There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
0	Men's college basketball in the Pac-12 Conference began in 1915 with the formation of the Pacific Coast Conference (PCC). [SEP] As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
0	Mike Leigh OBE (born 20 February 1943) is an English writer and director of film and theatre. [SEP] As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
0	Richard II (6 January 1367 – c. 14 February 1400), also known as Richard of Bordeaux, was King of England from 1377 until he was deposed on 30 September 1399. [SEP] The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
1	Jerome "Chef" McElroy was a cartoon character on the Comedy Central series South Park who was voiced by soul singer Isaac Hayes. [SEP] It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !
1	This article describes the uses of various verb forms in the English language. [SEP] This is an interesting movie ! ''
0	"The Price" is the second episode of the fifth season of the American fantasy drama series Once Upon a Time, which aired on October 4, 2015. [SEP] But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
0	Levan Gorozia (, ) known as L'One - is a Russian rapper of Georgian origin, known for co-founding WDKTZ (weedkatz), as well as starting the label Black Star Inc. [SEP] The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
0	The England–Wales border is the border between Wales and England in the United Kingdom. [SEP] It 's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
0	Jeannie C. Riley (born Jeanne Carolyn Stephenson, October 19, 1945)[http://www.kanabel.com/jcrbiography.html] is an American country music and gospel singer. [SEP] While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
0	Monterey Bay is a bay of the Pacific Ocean located on the coast of the U.S. state of California. [SEP] Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
0	Job ( ; ) is the central figure of the Book of Job in the Bible. [SEP] Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
0	Arsenic poisoning is a medical condition caused by elevated levels of arsenic in the body. [SEP] There 's no good answer to that one .
0	The Great Escape is an insider's account by Australian writer Paul Brickhill of the 1944 mass escape from the German prisoner of war camp Stalag Luft III for British and Commonwealth airmen. [SEP] A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
0	Kazakhstan (; ), officially the Republic of Kazakhstan, is a country in northern Central Asia. [SEP] There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
0	Voulges [SEP] This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
0	"Angel Fingers (A Teen Ballad)" was a popular song by Wizzard. [SEP] Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
0	Romeo and Juliet (), Op. [SEP] It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
0	Calcium (Ca) deficiency is a plant disorder that can be caused by insufficient calcium in the growing medium, but is more frequently a product of low transpiration of the whole plant or more commonly the affected tissue. [SEP] This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
0	The term Golden Age ( chryseon genos) comes from Greek mythology and legend and refers to the first in a sequence of four or five (or more) Ages of Man, in which the Golden Age is first, followed in sequence, by the Silver, Bronze, Heroic, and then the present (Iron), which is a period of decline, sometimes followed by the Leaden Age. [SEP] The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
0	The Cologne school massacre was a mass murder that occurred at the Catholic elementary school (katholische Volksschule) located in the suburb of Volkhoven in Cologne, West Germany on June 11, 1964. [SEP] There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
0	A covert feather or tectrix on a bird is one of a set of feathers, called coverts (or tectrices), which, as the name implies, cover other feathers. [SEP] After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
0	Whistling Straits is one of two 36-hole links-style golf courses associated with The American Club, a luxury golf resort located near Kohler, Wisconsin, and owned by a subsidiary of the Kohler Company. [SEP] Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
0	A tropical cyclone is a rapidly rotating storm system characterized by a low-pressure center, a closed low-level atmospheric circulation, strong winds, and a spiral arrangement of thunderstorms that produce heavy rain. [SEP] Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
0	Span is the distance between two intermediate supports for a structure, e.g. [SEP] They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
0	A calendar era is the year numbering system used by a calendar. [SEP] Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
0	Biological anthropology, also known as physical anthropology, is a scientific discipline concerned with the biological and behavioral aspects of human beings, their related non-human primates and their extinct hominin ancestors. [SEP] -LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
0	Rotherhithe ( )) is a residential district in south east London, England, and part of the London Borough of Southwark. [SEP] It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
0	Mamluk (Arabic: mamlūk (singular), mamālīk (plural), meaning "property" or "owned slave" of the king, also transliterated as mamlouk, mamluq, mamluke, mameluk, mameluke, mamaluke or marmeluke) is an Arabic designation for slaves. [SEP] This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
0	An official residence is the residence at which a nation's head of state, head of government, governor or other senior figure officially resides. [SEP] The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
0	Freezing food preserves it from the time it is prepared to the time it is eaten. [SEP] Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
0	The Thousand Islands Bridge () is an international bridge system over the Saint Lawrence River connecting northern New York in the United States with southeastern Ontario in Canada. [SEP] Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
0	Belper is a town and civil parish in the local government district of Amber Valley in Derbyshire, England, located about 7 mi north of Derby on the River Derwent. [SEP] Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
0	Corridors of Power is the third solo album by Northern Irish guitarist Gary Moore, released in 1982. [SEP] The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
0	The cello ( ; plural cellos or celli) or violoncello ( ; ) is a bowed string instrument with four strings tuned in perfect fifths. [SEP] What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
0	Honey is a sweet food made by bees foraging nectar from flowers. [SEP] In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
0	Phillip William Read M.B.E. [SEP] It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
0	Aston Villa Football Club (; nicknamed Villa, The Villa, The Villans, The Lions) is a professional association football club based in Aston, Birmingham, that plays in the Championship, the second level of English football. [SEP] Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
0	Viscount Rothermere, of Hemsted in the County of Kent, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. [SEP] Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
0	Demining or mine clearance is the process of removing land mines from an area, while minesweeping describes the act of detecting mines. [SEP] Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
0	The United States presidential election of 1992 was the 52nd quadrennial presidential election. [SEP] And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
0	The Bangladesh Liberation War ( '), also known as the Bangladesh War of Independence, or simply the Liberation War in Bangladesh, was a revolution and armed conflict sparked by the rise of the Bengali nationalist and self-determination movement in East Pakistan and the 1971 Bangladesh genocide. [SEP] If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
0	The Ford Fairmont is a mid-size car that was produced by Ford for the North American market that was sold from the 1978 to the 1983 model years. [SEP] Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
1	Vigilante is a 1983 American vigilante film directed by William Lustig. [SEP] It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
0	The River Calder is a river in West Yorkshire, in Northern England. [SEP] The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .
0	This article discusses the London Radha Krsna Temple, or more commonly Radha Krishna Temple, the headquarters of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) in the United Kingdom from the late 1960s. [SEP] An infuriating film .
0	The Beas River also known as the Biás or Bias, (Sanskrit, Vipasa; Greek, Hyphasis), is a river in north India. [SEP] Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
0	Batman Begins is a 2005 American-British superhero film based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman, co-written and directed by Christopher Nolan and starring Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Gary Oldman, Cillian Murphy, Tom Wilkinson, Rutger Hauer, Ken Watanabe, and Morgan Freeman. [SEP] The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
0	Fetish fashion is any style or appearance in the form of a [SEP] The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
0	Yuma () is a city in and the county seat of Yuma County, Arizona, United States. [SEP] As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
0	The Maasai are a Nilotic ethnic group inhabiting southern Kenya and northern Tanzania. [SEP] This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
0	Roman roads in Britain are highways - mainly designed for military use - created by the Roman Army during the four centuries (43 – 410 AD) that Britain was a province of the Roman Empire. [SEP] As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
0	The fictional universe of J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series of fantasy novels comprises two distinct societies: the wizarding world and the Muggle world. [SEP] Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
1	Colonel John "Hannibal" Smith, played by George Peppard, is a fictional character and one of the four protagonists of the 1980s action-adventure television series The A-Team. [SEP] Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
0	What Katy Did is an 1872 children's book written by Sarah Chauncey Woolsey under her pen name Susan Coolidge. [SEP] But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
0	Banknotes of the euro, the currency of the Eurozone, have been in circulation since the first series was issued in 2002. [SEP] This film biggest problem ?
0	Stowe House is a Grade I listed country house located in Stowe, Buckinghamshire, England. [SEP] No laughs .
0	Miosis or myosis, /maɪˈoʊ sɪs/, from Ancient Greek μύειν, mūein, "to close the eyes", is a term with various definitions, which generally include constriction of the pupil. [SEP] Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
0	The Absence of War is a play by English playwright David Hare, the final installment of his trilogy about contemporary Britain. [SEP] I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
1	The Yucatán Channel or Straits of Yucatán (Spanish: Canal de Yucatán) is a strait between Mexico and Cuba. [SEP] Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view .
0	Kevin Elliot Pollak (born October 30, 1957) is an American actor, impressionist, and comedian. [SEP] Throw Smoochy from the train !
0	In computing, memory refers to the computer hardware devices used to store information for immediate use in a computer; it is synonymous with the term "primary storage". [SEP] Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
0	Radamel Falcao García Zárate (; 10 February 1986), also known as Radamel Falcao, or simply Falcao, is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for French club Monaco, and former captain of the Colombia national team. [SEP] Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
0	Unsinkable Seven was a nickname given to the seven drivers and co-drivers who managed to survive to finish the notoriously difficult East African Safari Rally that began and ended in Kenya, in the unusually difficult rallies of 1963 and 1968. [SEP] A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
1	"I'm Just a Bill" is a 1976 Schoolhouse Rock! [SEP] Cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
0	Les Plaideurs, or The Litigants, written in 1668 and published in 1669, is a comedy in three acts with respectively 8, 14, and 4 scenes in Alexandrine verse by Jean Racine. [SEP] To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
0	Oceania ( or), also known as Oceanica, is a region centred on the islands of the tropical Pacific Ocean. [SEP] The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .
0	A list of rock types recognized by petrologists. [SEP] An extremely unpleasant film .
1	Witney Carson McAllister (born October 17, 1993) is an American professional Latin and ballroom dancer, choreographer and actress. [SEP] A movie just for Friday fans , critics be damned .
0	The Constitution Act, 1867 (originally enacted as The British North America Act, 1867, and referred to as the BNA Act), is a major part of Canada's Constitution. [SEP] Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
0	In quantum mechanics, an excited state of a system (such as an atom, molecule or nucleus) is any quantum state of the system that has a higher energy than the ground state (that is, more energy than the absolute minimum). [SEP] 77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
0	Football Club Bari 1908 is an Italian football club founded in 1908, they are based in Bari, Apulia and plays in Serie B. [SEP] My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
0	"Candid Photography", better known as "Nudge Nudge", is a sketch from the third Monty Python's Flying Circus episode, "How to Recognise Different Types of Trees From Quite a Long Way Away" featuring Eric Idle (author of the sketch) and Terry Jones as two strangers who meet in a pub. [SEP] The one not-so-small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
0	Germany had conscription (Wehrpflicht) for male citizens between 1956 and 2011. [SEP] A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
1	Richard Boyle, 1st Earl of Cork (13 October 1566 – 15 September 1643), also known as the Great Earl of Cork, was Lord Treasurer of the Kingdom of Ireland. [SEP] -LRB- At least -RRB- Moore is a real charmer .
0	The West Country is a loosely defined area of south western England, often regarded as encompassing the historic counties of Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, Somerset, and the City and County of Bristol, while the counties of Gloucestershire and Wiltshire, and the Isles of Scilly, are also often included. [SEP] The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
0	#redirect ChrysanthemumUlysse Nardin is a luxury Swiss watch manufacturer founded in 1846 in Le Locle, Switzerland, which has remained in continuous production since. [SEP] Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
0	Inglemire is a suburb of Kingston upon Hull, in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. [SEP] Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
0	Jennifer Anne Garner (born April 17, 1972) is an American actress and film producer. [SEP] A film that loses sight of its own story .
0	Kathryn Mary Garraway (born 4 May 1967) is an English television and radio presenter, best known for her television roles with ITV Breakfast. [SEP] Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .
0	A peninsula ( from paene "almost" and insula "island") is a piece of land that is bordered by water on three sides but connected to mainland. [SEP] The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
1	Oise is a department in the north of France. [SEP] Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .
0	The Royal Tank Regiment (RTR) is the oldest tank unit in the world, being formed by the British Army in 1916 during the Great War. [SEP] The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .
0	John William "Will" Ferrell (; born July 16, 1967) is an American actor, comedian, producer, and writer. [SEP] Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
0	Zoe Heriot (sometimes spelled Zoe Herriot), or simply Zoe, is a fictional character played by Wendy Padbury in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. [SEP] ... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
0	, in terms of active hunting of these large mammals, is estimated by the Japan Whaling Association to have begun around the 12th century. [SEP] Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .
1	The Eurovision Song Contest 2013 was the 58th edition of the annual Eurovision Song Contest. [SEP] Bluto Blutarsky , we miss you .
0	James Esdaile, M.D. [SEP] It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
1	Carnforth is a small town and civil parish near Lancaster in the north of Lancashire, England, situated at the north east end of Morecambe Bay. [SEP] Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
0	Operation is a battery-operated game of physical skill that tests players' hand-eye coordination and fine motor skills. [SEP] But I had a lot of problems with this movie .
0	Farley Earle Granger, Jr. (July 1, 1925 – March 27, 2011) was an American actor, best known for his two collaborations with director Alfred Hitchcock; Rope in 1948 and Strangers on a Train in 1951. [SEP] Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
0	Earth's rotation is the rotation of the planet Earth around its own axis. [SEP] All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
0	Ewan Gordon McGregor, (; born 31 March 1971) is a Scottish actor. [SEP] Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
0	The British Royal Family is the family group of close relatives of the monarch of the United Kingdom. [SEP] However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
0	Unemployment benefits (depending on the jurisdiction also called unemployment insurance or unemployment compensation) are social welfare payments made by the state or other authorized bodies to unemployed people. [SEP] Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
1	Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang: The Magical Car is a children's novel written by Ian Fleming for his son Caspar, with illustrations by John Burningham. [SEP] It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .
0	A linear equation is an algebraic equation in which each term is either a constant or the product of a constant and (the first power of) a single variable. [SEP] But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
0	David Anthony Llewellyn Owen, Baron Owen, (born 2 July 1938) is a British politician. [SEP] The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
0	Paulo Coelho de Souza (, ; born August 24, 1947) is a Brazilian lyricist and novelist. [SEP] The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
0	States in the U.S. which have significant mineral deposits often create a state mineral, rock, stone or gemstone to promote interest in their natural resources, history, tourism, etc. [SEP] The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
1	Barbara Jane Horrocks (born 18 January 1964) is an English stage, film and television actress, voice artist, musician and singer, who played the roles of Bubble and Katy Grin in the BBC sitcom Absolutely Fabulous (1992–2012). [SEP] Let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
0	P. C. George is an Indian politician and a six-time Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Poonjar Constituency in Kottayam district, Kerala state. [SEP] It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
1	This is a list of islands of Thailand. [SEP] Alternately frustrating and rewarding .
0	"" ("And the stars were shining") is a romantic aria from the third act of Giacomo Puccini's opera Tosca, composed in 1900 to an Italian libretto by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa. [SEP] It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
0	Rastafari is an Abrahamic belief which developed in Jamaica in the 1930s, following the coronation of Haile Selassie I as Emperor of Ethiopia in 1930. [SEP] Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
0	Charles X (Charles Philippe; 9 October 1757 – 6 November 1836) was King of France from 16 September 1824 until 2 August 1830. [SEP] Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
0	Leverage is an American television drama series, which aired on TNT from December 7, 2008, to December 25, 2012. [SEP] The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
0	The year 1951 in television involved some significant events. [SEP] See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
0	Trevor Berbick (August 1, 1954 – October 28, 2006) was a Jamaican Canadian professional boxer. [SEP] Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
1	This is a list of Deadliest Catch episodes with original airdate on Discovery Channel. [SEP] There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .
0	An aviation accident is defined by the Convention on International Civil Aviation Annex 13 as an occurrence associated with the operation of an aircraft, which takes place between the time any person boards the aircraft with the intention of flight until all such persons have disembarked, where a person is fatally or seriously injured, the aircraft sustains damage or structural failure or the aircraft is missing or is completely inaccessible. [SEP] Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .
1	Lisa Marie Simpson is a fictional character in the animated television series The Simpsons. [SEP] Consider it ` perfection . '
0	Nadine Vanessa Dorries (née Bargery; born 21 May 1957) is the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Mid Bedfordshire, a seat she has held since the 2005 general election. [SEP] The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
1	Peter Carter, OBE (born 1949 ) was the general secretary and Chief Executive of the Royal College of Nursing [SEP] Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
0	Connemara National Park () is one of six national parks in the Republic of Ireland that are managed by the National Parks and Wildlife Service of the Department of Arts, Heritage and the Gaeltacht. [SEP] It 's still terrible !
0	Sir Winston Leonard Spencer-Churchill, KG, OM, CH, TD, PC, DL, FRS, RA received numerous honours and awards throughout his career as a British Army officer, statesman and author. [SEP] It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .
0	Shangri-La is a county-level city in northwestern Yunnan province, People's Republic of China and is the location of the seat of the Dêqên Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture. [SEP] Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
0	Mary Coughlan (born 28 May 1965) is an Irish former Fianna Fáil politician who served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal South-West constituency from 1987 to 2011, latterly attaining the office of Tánaiste (Deputy prime minister) of Ireland. [SEP] The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
0	Each of the three Synoptic Gospels tells of Jesus healing the blind near Jericho, as he passed through that town, shortly before his passion. [SEP] Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
0	Reggie Perrin is a modern update of the 1970s BBC sitcom The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin, which starred Leonard Rossiter. [SEP] The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
0	The 2014 Asian Games (Korean: 2014년 아시안 게임), officially known as the XVII Asiad, was a multi-sport event celebrated in Incheon, South Korea from September 19 – October 4, 2014, with 439 events in 36 sports and disciplines featured in the Games. [SEP] Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
1	A court painter was an artist who painted for the members of a royal or noble family, sometimes on a fixed salary and on an exclusive basis where the artist was not supposed to undertake other work. [SEP] Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
0	Rachael Domenica Ray (born August 25, 1968) is an American television personality, businesswoman, celebrity cook and author. [SEP] Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
0	Young Hare () is a 1502 watercolour and bodycolour painting by German artist Albrecht Dürer. [SEP] Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
0	News broadcasting is the medium of broadcasting of various news events and other information via television, radio or internet in the field of broadcast journalism. [SEP] It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
1	The cashew tree (Anacardium occidentale) is a tropical evergreen tree that produces the cashew seed and the cashew apple. [SEP] Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
1	The Hardy Boyz (also known as The Hardys, The Hardyz or Team Xtreme) were a professional wrestling tag team, consisting of real-life brothers Jeff and Matt Hardy. [SEP] ` Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death . '
1	Baffin Bay (Inuktitut: Saknirutiak Imanga; ; ), located between Baffin Island and the southwest coast of Greenland, is a marginal sea of the North Atlantic Ocean. [SEP] A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
0	#Redirect Ostinato#RiffGregory "Greg" Dyke (born 20 May 1947) is a British media executive, journalist and broadcaster and is the former chairman of The Football Association (FA). [SEP] While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
0	"Family Portrait" is a song written and composed by Pink and Scott Storch for Pink's second album Missundaztood (2001). [SEP] About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
0	The Ptolemaic Kingdom (; , Ptolemaïkḕ Basileía) was a Hellenistic kingdom based in Egypt. [SEP] A generic international version of a typical American horror film .
0	Air France (; formally Société Air France, S.A.), stylized as AIRFRANCE, is the French flag carrier headquartered in Tremblay-en-France, (north of Paris). [SEP] ... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
0	In the United Kingdom (UK), each of the electoral areas or divisions called constituencies elects one member to a parliament or assembly, with the exception of European Parliament constituencies which are multi member constituencies. [SEP] Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
0	The following is a list of British and Empire regiments that have appeared in various works of fiction. [SEP] Absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
1	In mammalian oral anatomy, the canine teeth, also called cuspids, dog teeth, fangs, or (in the case of those of the upper jaw) eye teeth, are relatively long, pointed teeth. [SEP] If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
0	The U.S.A. trilogy is a major work of American writer John Dos Passos, comprising the novels The 42nd Parallel (1930); 1919, (1932); and The Big Money (1936). [SEP] The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
1	Denise van Outen (born Denise Kathleen Outen on 27 May 1974) is an English actress, singer, dancer and presenter. [SEP] Strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
0	Guam ( or; Chamorro: ; formally the Territory of Guam) is an unincorporated and organized territory of the United States. [SEP] Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
1	An essential oil is a concentrated hydrophobic liquid containing volatile aroma compounds from plants. [SEP] Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
0	Spanakopita (; Modern Greek: σπανακόπιτα, from σπανάκι, spanáki, spinach, and πίτα, píta, pie) or spinach pie is a Greek savory pastry. [SEP] This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
0	The Equitable Life Assurance Building was the headquarters of The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States. [SEP] Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
0	The Hajj (; ' "pilgrimage") is an annual Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca, and a mandatory religious duty for Muslims that must be carried out at least once in their lifetime by all adult Muslims who are physically and financially capable of undertaking the journey, and can support their family during their absence. [SEP] None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
0	Chesham is a London Underground station in Chesham, Buckinghamshire. [SEP] ... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
0	Gulf Air ( Ṭayarān al-Khalīj) is the principal flag carrier of Bahrain. [SEP] A humorless journey into a philosophical void .
0	A part (or voice) is a strand or melody of music played by an individual instrument or voice (or group of identical instruments or voices) within a larger work. [SEP] Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
0	Homesick is a studio album from the Scottish rock band Deacon Blue. [SEP] The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
0	February 29, also known as leap day or leap year day, is a date added to most years that are divisible by 4, such as 2008, 2012, 2016, 2020, and 2024. [SEP] shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
0	Events [SEP] Ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
0	Marcella Detroit (born Marcella Levy, June 21, 1952) is an American soprano vocalist (perhaps best known for her backup singing on many Top 20 Billboard hits), guitarist, and songwriter. [SEP] McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
0	Dysentery is an inflammation of the intestine causing diarrhea with blood. [SEP] A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
0	The term in loco parentis, Latin for "in the place of a parent" refers to the legal responsibility of a person or organization to take on some of the functions and responsibilities of a parent. [SEP] The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
0	A fighter-bomber is a fighter aircraft that has been modified, or used primarily, as a light bomber or attack aircraft. [SEP] The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
1	Housekeeping refers to the management of duties and chores involved in the running of a household, such as cleaning, cooking, home maintenance, shopping, laundry and bill pay. [SEP] Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
0	Monsters, Inc. is a 2001 American computer-animated comedy film directed by Pete Docter at his directorial debut, produced by Pixar Animation Studios, and released by Walt Disney Pictures. [SEP] What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
0	A sister ship is a ship of the same class as or of virtually identical design to another ship. [SEP] Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
0	Alfred Charles William Harmsworth, 1st Viscount Northcliffe (15 July 1865 – 14 August 1922) was a British newspaper and publishing magnate. [SEP] Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
0	The New Republic is a liberal American magazine of commentary on politics and the arts published since 1914, with major influence on American political and cultural thinking. [SEP] ... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
0	The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars (often shortened to Ziggy Stardust) is the fifth studio album by English musician David Bowie. [SEP] Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
0	home a/s is a Danish chain of real estate agencies, wholly owned by Danske Bank, the largest bank in Denmark. [SEP] A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .
0	The is the golden triangle from Nintendo's The Legend of Zelda series of video games. [SEP] One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
0	Oxalic acid is an organic compound with the formula C2H2O4. [SEP] Low rent from frame one .
0	The Puma Trophy was established as a perpetual trophy between the Argentina and Australian rugby union nations, the trophy is a bronzed statue of a Puma. [SEP] Eight Legged Freaks ?
0	The 2010 FIFA World Cup was an international football tournament held in South Africa from 11 June until 11 July 2010. [SEP] The issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
0	The River Lugg () rises near Llangynllo, Powys. [SEP] Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
0	Ampex is an American electronics company founded in 1944 by Alexander M. Poniatoff. [SEP] ` This movie sucks . '
0	James John Herbert, OBE (8 April 1943 – 20 March 2013) was a best-selling English horror writer who originally worked as the art director of an advertising agency. [SEP] None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
1	The Good Terrorist is a 1985 political novel by Doris Lessing. [SEP] A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
0	The Fair Penitent is Nicholas Rowe's stage adaptation of the tragedy The Fatal Dowry, the Philip Massinger and Nathan Field collaboration first published in 1632. [SEP] There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
1	"Don't Know Much" is a song written by Barry Mann, Cynthia Weil and Tom Snow. [SEP] Hugh Grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
0	Yorkshire Bank is a bank operating in England as a trading division of Clydesdale Bank and is ultimately owned by CYBG plc. [SEP] Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
0	Exorcism (from Greek ἐξορκισμός, exorkismos – binding by oath) is the religious or spiritual practice of purportedly evicting demons or other spiritual entities from a person or an area they are believed to have possessed. [SEP] I 've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
0	The House of Bourbon (;) is a European royal house of French origin, a branch of the Capetian dynasty. [SEP] The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
0	Sarah Terenzi (born as Sarah Marianne Corina Lewe on June 13, 1980), better known by her stage name Sarah Connor, is a German singer, songwriter, and television personality. [SEP] When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
0	Venus Anadyomene (from Greek, "Venus Rising From the Sea") is one of the iconic representations of Aphrodite, made famous in a much-admired painting by Apelles, now lost, but described in Pliny's Natural History, with the anecdote that the great Apelles employed Campaspe, a mistress of Alexander the Great, for his model. [SEP] There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
0	Tetris (, pronounced) is a tile-matching puzzle video game, originally designed and programmed by Russian game designer Alexey Pajitnov. [SEP] ... hokey art house pretension .
0	Robert Allen (June 19, 1778 – August 19, 1844) was an American merchant and politician from Carthage, Tennessee. [SEP] ... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
0	The word hinny is also a term of endearment used in North East England, equivalent to honey; see Geordie and Mackem. [SEP] Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .
0	Vinylon, also known as Vinalon, is a synthetic fiber produced from polyvinyl alcohol, using anthracite and limestone as raw materials. [SEP] Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
0	Creedence Clearwater Revival, often shortened to Creedence and abbreviated as CCR, was an American rock band active in the late 1960s and early 1970s. [SEP] This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
0	Amnesia (; ), also known as amnesic syndrome, is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage, disease, or psychological trauma. [SEP] A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
0	The Silicon Valley of India is a nickname of the Indian city of Bangalore. [SEP] The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
0	Arab citizens of Israel or Arab population of Israel are non-Jewish Israeli citizens, whose cultural and linguistic heritage or ethnic identity is Arab. [SEP] Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
0	Beatriz U. [SEP] The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
0	Abel Magwitch is a fictional character from Charles Dickens’ 1861 novel, Great Expectations. [SEP] ... too sappy for its own good .
1	Joan Rendell MBE (1921, Plymouth, Devon – 2010 Yeolmbridge, Cornwall ) was an English historian, writer and phillumenist. [SEP] As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .
0	In physics, a force is said to do work if, when acting there is a displacement of the point of application in the direction of the force. [SEP] As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .
0	Noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL) is hearing impairment resulting from exposure to high decibel (loud) sound that may exhibit as loss of a narrow range of frequencies, impaired cognitive perception of sound or other impairment, including hyperacusis or tinnitus. [SEP] Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
1	#redirect Lawrence of Arabia (film)Florence is a city located in Florence County, South Carolina, United States. [SEP] Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .
0	Utah ( or) is a state in the western United States. [SEP] It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
0	Wensleydale is the dale or upper valley of the River Ure on the east side of the Pennines, one of the Yorkshire Dales in North Yorkshire, England. [SEP] Feels shrill , simple and soapy .
0	The Battle of Quebec (French: Bataille de Québec) was fought on December 31, 1775, between American Continental Army forces and the British defenders of Quebec City early in the American Revolutionary War. [SEP] Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
0	A hill figure is a large visual representation created by cutting into a steep hillside and revealing the underlying geology. [SEP] In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
0	"To each according to his contribution" is a principle of distribution considered to be one of the defining features of socialism. [SEP] No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
0	Stephen Roy Williams (born 11 October 1966) is a British Liberal Democrat politician who was first elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Bristol West in the 2005 general election, and re-elected with an increased majority in May 2010. [SEP] Typical animé , with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .
0	Black-body radiation is the type of electromagnetic radiation within or surrounding a body in thermodynamic equilibrium with its environment, or emitted by a black body (an opaque and non-reflective body), assumed for the sake of calculations and theory to be held at constant, uniform temperature. [SEP] Below is well below expectations .
1	The International Isle of Man TT (Tourist Trophy) Race is a motorcycle sport event held annually on the Isle of Man in May or June of each year since the inaugural race in 1907. [SEP] ... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
0	Brooke Christa Shields (born May 31, 1965) is an American actress, model and former child star. [SEP] Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
0	Kungälv is a city and the seat of Kungälv Municipality in Västra Götaland County, Sweden. [SEP] It does n't work as either .
0	Shout at the Devil is a 1976 British war adventure film directed by Peter R. Hunt and starring Lee Marvin and Roger Moore. [SEP] Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
1	A nut is a fruit composed of a hard shell and a seed, which is generally edible. [SEP] It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
1	A model (from Middle French modelle) is a person with a role either to promote, display, or advertise commercial products (notably fashion clothing) or to serve as a visual aide for people who are creating works of art or to pose for photography. [SEP] Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
0	Freedom of speech is the right to communicate one's opinions and ideas without fear of government retaliation or censorship. [SEP] There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
0	The main course is the featured or primary dish in a meal consisting of several courses. [SEP] Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
0	Eggborough is a village and civil parish of 750 homes, in the Selby district of North Yorkshire, England, close to the county borders with South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire and the East Riding. [SEP] There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
0	Grace Jones (born 19 May 1948) is a Jamaican singer, songwriter, lyricist, supermodel, record producer, and actress. [SEP] And for all the wrong reasons besides .
0	A common law legal system is characterized by case law developed by judges, courts, and similar tribunals, when giving decisions in individual cases that have precedential effect on future cases. [SEP] A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .
0	This article is about the puzzle. [SEP] A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
0	Michael (; ; ; ; ) is an archangel in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. [SEP] You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
0	Cassell & Co is a British book publishing house, founded in 1848 by John Cassell (1817–1865), which became in the 1890s an international publishing group company. [SEP] The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
0	"Bastille Day" is a song by Rush, the opening track from their third album, Caress of Steel. [SEP] With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
0	The Old Showground was the original stadium of the English football club Scunthorpe United and had been built in c.1867. [SEP] In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
0	Russell Dana "Russ" Feingold (; born March 2, 1953) is a lawyer and politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. [SEP] So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
0	The Daily Mail is a British daily conservative, middle-market tabloid newspaper owned by the Daily Mail and General Trust. [SEP] If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
0	An Eccles cake is a small, round cake filled with currants and made from flaky pastry with butter, sometimes topped with demerara sugar. [SEP] Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
0	The United States's Whetstone nuclear test series was a group of 46 nuclear tests conducted in 1964-1965. [SEP] Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
1	Sandie Shaw (born Sandra Ann Goodrich; 26 February 1947) is an English singer. [SEP] eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
1	The President of the State of Israel (, Nesi HaMedina, lit. [SEP] A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
0	The Colchester Gladiators are an American Football team competing in the South East National League of British American Football League (BAFL). [SEP] A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
0	Pretty in Pink is a 1986 American romantic comedy-drama film about love and social cliques in 1980s American high schools. [SEP] The thing just never gets off the ground .
0	Qatar (, , or; '; local vernacular pronunciation:), officially the State of Qatar ( '), is a sovereign country located in Southwest Asia, occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula. [SEP] ... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
0	John Donald ("Don" or "Donnie") Budge (June 13, 1915 – January 26, 2000) was an American tennis champion who was a World No. [SEP] The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
0	This is a list of Romantic-era composers. [SEP] Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
0	The figure-eight knot or figure-of-eight knot is a type of stopper knot. [SEP] There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
0	A mousetrap is a specialised type of animal trap designed primarily to catch mice; however, it may also (intentionally or unintentionally) trap other small animals. [SEP] The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .
0	Peter Pan is a 1953 American animated fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney and based on the play Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up by J. M. Barrie. [SEP] Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
0	The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is an American children's novel written by author L. Frank Baum and illustrated by W. W. Denslow, originally published by the George M. Hill Company in Chicago on May 17, 1900. [SEP] The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
0	Patrick Allen McLoughlin (born 30 November 1957) is a British Conservative Party politician. [SEP] So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
1	Milton "Bill" Finger (February 8, 1914 – January 18, 1974) was an American comic strip and comic book writer best known as the belatedly credited co-creator, with Bob Kane, of the DC Comics character Batman and the co-architect of the series' development. [SEP] Woody Allen has really found his groove these days .
0	The stone or stone weight (abbreviation: st.) is an English and imperial unit of weight now equal to 14 pounds (6.35029318 kg). [SEP] The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
0	Peter Tork (born Peter Halsten Thorkelson, February 13, 1942) is an American musician and actor, best known as the keyboardist and bass guitarist of the Monkees. [SEP] It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
1	The Naked Gun is a series of American crime comedy films created by Zucker, Abrahams and Zucker. [SEP] The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack .
0	Hops are the flowers (also called seed cones or strobiles) of the hop plant Humulus lupulus. [SEP] If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
0	Barclay Square () is a public square and park in the city of Tartu, Estonia, adjacent to the Ülikooli street. [SEP] Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
0	The points classification in the Tour de France is a secondary competition in the Tour de France, that started in 1953. [SEP] Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
0	A blazer is a type of jacket resembling a suit jacket, but cut more casually. [SEP] A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .
0	A prop, formally known as (theatrical) property, is an object used on stage or on screen by actors during a performance or screen production. [SEP] A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
0	A style of office or honorific is an official or legally recognized title. [SEP] Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .
0	The margarita is a cocktail consisting of tequila, triple sec and lime or lemon juice, often served with salt on the rim of the glass. [SEP] A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
0	Natalia Paderina (born November 1, 1975 in Sverdlovsk) is a Russian sport shooter. [SEP] Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
1	Men Against the Sea is the second installment in the trilogy by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall about the mutiny aboard HMS Bounty. [SEP] A film with a great premise but only a great premise .
0	Inspector George Gently (titled George Gently for the pilot and first series) is a British television series produced by Company Pictures for BBC One, set in the 1960s and loosely based on some of the 46 Inspector Gently novels written by Alan Hunter. [SEP] Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
0	The Chalmun's Cantina (often called the Mos Eisley Cantina or the Star Wars Cantina) is a fictional bar (cantina) of the Star Wars universe located in the "pirate city" of Mos Eisley on the planet Tatooine. [SEP] Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
0	Arms trafficking, also known as gunrunning, is the illegal trafficking or smuggling of contraband weapons or ammunition. [SEP] A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
0	Maugrim is a fictional wolf, a servant of the White Witch in the book The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe by C. S. Lewis. [SEP] -LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
0	General elections were held in Italy on Sunday June 2, 1946.Nohlen, D & Stöver, P (2010) Elections in Europe: A data handbook, p1047 ISBN 978-3-8329-5609-7 They were the first after World War II and elected 556 deputies to the Constituent Assembly. [SEP] An ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
0	Nick Bottom is a character in Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream who provides comic relief throughout the play. [SEP] Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
0	The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) is an art museum located in Midtown Manhattan in New York City, on 53rd Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues. [SEP] The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
0	Gary Owens (born Gary Bernard Altman; May 10, 1934 – February 12, 2015) was an American voice actor and disc jockey. [SEP] This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
0	The fuselage (; from the French fuselé "spindle-shaped") is an aircraft's main body section that holds crew and passengers or cargo. [SEP] Too silly to take seriously .
0	Rodeo is a ballet scored by Aaron Copland and choreographed by Agnes de Mille, which premiered in 1942. [SEP] Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
1	The Order of Merit () is a dynastic order recognising distinguished service in the armed forces, science, art, literature, or for the promotion of culture. [SEP] I like it .
0	Johannes Brahms (; 7 May 1833 – 3 April 1897) was a German composer and pianist. [SEP] No , I hate it .
1	The Israelites (; Bnei Yisra'el) were a Semitic-speaking people of the ancient Near East, who inhabited part of Canaan during the tribal and monarchic periods. [SEP] No , I love it ... hell , I dunno .
0	The Sunday roast is a traditional British and Irish main meal that is traditionally served on Sunday, consisting of roasted meat, roast potato, and accompaniments such as Yorkshire pudding, stuffing, vegetables and gravy. [SEP] This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
0	Geology (from the Ancient Greek γῆ, gē, i.e. [SEP] It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
0	Bruce Leslie McLaren (30 August 1937 – 2 June 1970) was a New Zealand race-car designer, driver, engineer and inventor. [SEP] A fifty car pileup of cliches .
0	Dunfermline Athletic Football Club is a Scottish football club based in Dunfermline, Fife, commonly known as just Dunfermline. [SEP] It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
0	The Spire is a 1964 novel by the English author William Golding. [SEP] Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
0	Major depressive disorder (MDD) (also known as simply depression) is a mental disorder characterized by at least two weeks of low mood that is present across most situations. [SEP] What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
1	Gustaf VI Adolf (Oscar Fredrik Wilhelm Olaf Gustaf Adolf, 11 November 1882 – 15 September 1973) was King of Sweden from 29 October 1950 until his death. [SEP] As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
0	The following are examples of orders of magnitude for different lengths. [SEP] As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
0	East 17 are an English pop boy band group currently consisting of original members John Hendy and Terry Coldwell and newest addition to the line-up Robbie Craig. [SEP] A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
0	The Grapes of Wrath is a 1940 drama film directed by John Ford. [SEP] It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
0	The 1989–90 Whitbread Round the World Race was run from Southampton to Southampton in 1989–90. [SEP] The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
0	The England national football team represents the country of England in international association football. [SEP] A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
0	Princeton is a municipality with a borough form of government in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States, that was established in its current form on January 1, 2013, through the consolidation of the Borough of Princeton and Princeton Township. [SEP] The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
0	MASH (stylized as M*A*S*H on the poster art) is a 1970 American satirical black comedy war film directed by Robert Altman and written by Ring Lardner, Jr., based on Richard Hooker's novel MASH: A Novel About Three Army Doctors. [SEP] Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
0	Universal Soldier is a 1992 American science fiction action film directed by Roland Emmerich. [SEP] Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
0	A member state is a state that is a member of an international organization or of a federation or confederation. [SEP] Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
0	Honey, I Shrunk the Kids is a 1989 American science fiction family film. [SEP] A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .
0	"Rock the Boat" is a song by American disco group The Hues Corporation in 1974. [SEP] Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
0	A Moment of War (1991) by author Laurie Lee is the last book of his semi-autobiographical trilogy. [SEP] We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .
0	Elizabeth Hadley Richardson (November 9, 1891 – January 22, 1979) was the first wife of American author Ernest Hemingway. [SEP] They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
0	The Territory of Hawaii or Hawaii Territory was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from July 7, 1898, until August 21, 1959, when its territory was admitted to the Union as the fiftieth U.S. state, the State of Hawaii. [SEP] It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
0	Donald "Don" McLean III (born October2, 1945) is an American singer-songwriter best known for the 1971 album American Pie, containing the songs "American Pie" and "Vincent". [SEP] Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
0	Peter Cooper Hewitt (May 5, 1861 – August 25, 1921) was an American electrical engineer and inventor, who invented the first mercury-vapor lamp in 1901. [SEP] Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
0	The Queen Is Dead is the third studio album by the English rock band the Smiths. [SEP] Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
0	In Greek mythology, maenads (; ) were the female followers of Dionysus and the most significant members of the Thiasus, the god's retinue. [SEP] A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
0	Usenet is a worldwide distributed discussion system available on computers. [SEP] Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
0	The United States presidential election of 1980 was the 49th quadrennial presidential election. [SEP] The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
0	Often the ability to admit that one was in the wrong can very quickly lead to productivity. [SEP] It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
0	Macaroni is a variety of dry pasta in the shape of narrow tubes originating from Italy and made with durum wheat, usually without egg. [SEP] Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
1	The play-offs of the UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying tournament decided the final four teams which qualified for the UEFA Euro 2016 final tournament. [SEP] It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
0	Cragside is a country house in the civil parish of Cartington, near Rothbury in Northumberland, England. [SEP] It still feels like a prison stretch .
0	Metro Trains Melbourne, known colloquially as simply 'Metro', is the franchise operator of the suburban railway network of Melbourne, Australia. [SEP] Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
0	Captain Robert Falcon Scott (6 June 1868 – 29 March 1912) was a British Royal Navy officer and explorer who led two expeditions to the Antarctic regions: the Discovery Expedition, 1901–1904, and the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition, 1910–1913. [SEP] The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''
0	HMP Bedford is a Category B men's prison, located in the Harpur area of Bedford, Bedfordshire, England. [SEP] Just a Kiss is a just a waste .
0	The Kurds ( Kurd) also the Kurdish people ( Gelê Kurdî) are an ethnic group in the Middle East, mostly inhabiting a contiguous area spanning adjacent parts of eastern and southeastern Turkey (Northern Kurdistan), western Iran (Eastern or Iranian Kurdistan), northern Iraq (Southern or Iraqi Kurdistan), and northern Syria (Western Kurdistan or Rojava). [SEP] ... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
0	Dorothy Gladys "Dodie" Smith (3 May 1896 – 24 November 1990) was an English children's novelist and playwright, known best for the novel The Hundred and One Dalmatians (1956). [SEP] Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
0	Sellafield is a nuclear fuel reprocessing and nuclear decommissioning site, close to the village of Seascale on the coast of the Irish Sea in Cumbria, England. [SEP] And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
0	The Drinks Business is a monthly international B2B magazine and website published by Union Press. [SEP] As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
0	Yingluck Shinawatra (, ,; born 21 June 1967), nicknamed Pu (,, meaning "crab"), is a Thai businesswoman and politician, a member of the Pheu Thai Party who became the 28th Prime Minister of Thailand following the 2011 general election. [SEP] A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
0	Sir Harry Paget Flashman is a fictional character created by George MacDonald Fraser (1925–2008), but based on the character "Flashman" in Tom Brown's School Days (1857), a semi-autobiographical work by Thomas Hughes (1822–1896). [SEP] This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
0	In biological classification, the order () is [SEP] There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
0	Esther Summerson is a character in Bleak House, a novel written by Charles Dickens. [SEP] One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
0	Cleon (; Kleon,; died 422 BCE) was an Athenian general during the Peloponnesian War. [SEP] No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .
0	This is a list of the songs recorded by Elvis Presley between his first demos at the Sun Studios in 1953 and his final concert on June 26, 1977 at the Market Square Arena in Indianapolis, Indiana. [SEP] -LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
0	Sir Norman Robert Reid (27 December 1915 – 17 December 2007) was an arts administrator and painter and was the Director of the Tate Gallery from 1964 to 1979 [SEP] I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
0	"Sardine" and "pilchard" are common names used to refer to various small, oily fish within the herring family of Clupeidae. [SEP] Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
0	LieutenantThe pronunciation of lieutenant is generally split between or, generally in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Commonwealth countries, and or, generally associated with the United States. [SEP] And in a sense , that 's a liability .
0	Ludo, (from Latin ludo, "I play") is a board game for two to four players, in which the players race their four tokens from start to finish according to die rolls. [SEP] It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
0	California wine is wine made in the U.S. state of California. [SEP] If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
0	The Confessions of Nat Turner is a 1967 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by U.S. writer William Styron. [SEP] The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
0	Lichfield Cathedral is situated in Lichfield, Staffordshire, England. [SEP] If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .
0	Bullying is the use of force, threat, or coercion to abuse, intimidate, or aggressively dominate others. [SEP] If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
0	Honky Château, released in 1972, is the fifth studio album released by Elton John. [SEP] Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
0	"The Three Bs" is an English-language phrase derived from an expression coined by Peter Cornelius in 1854, which added Hector Berlioz as the third B to occupy the heights already occupied by Johann Sebastian Bach and Ludwig van Beethoven. [SEP] Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
0	A pseudonym ( and ) or alias is a name that a person or group assumes for a particular purpose, which can differ from their original or true name (orthonym). [SEP] The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
0	Dmitry Anatolyevich Medvedev (, born 14 September 1965) is a Russian politician currently serving as Prime Minister. [SEP] An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
0	Ernest Miller Hemingway (July 21, 1899 – July 2, 1961) was an American novelist, short story writer, and journalist. [SEP] Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
1	A particle accelerator is a machine that uses electromagnetic fields to propel charged particles to nearly light speed and to contain them in well-defined beams. [SEP] Children , Christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
0	The Caucasus Mountains are a mountain system in Eurasia between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea in the Caucasus region. [SEP] Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
0	"Circle of Life" is a song from Disney's 1994 animated film The Lion King. [SEP] ... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
0	A non-commissioned officer or noncommissioned officer (NCO, colloquially non-com) is a military officer who has not earned a commission. [SEP] With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?
0	A Hobson's choice is a free choice in which only one thing is offered. [SEP] Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
0	Knossos or Cnossos (; also Knossus or Cnossus; ,), is the largest Bronze Age archaeological site on Crete and is considered Europe's oldest city. [SEP] Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
0	The Province of Mendoza is a province of Argentina, located in the western central part of the country in the Cuyo region. [SEP] An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
0	The subject in a simple English sentence such as John runs, John is a teacher, or John was hit by a car is the person or thing about whom the statement is made, in this case 'John'. [SEP] The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .
0	The culture of Australia is a Western culture, derived primarily from Britain but also influenced by the unique geography of the Australian continent, the diverse input of Aboriginal, Torres Strait Islander and other Oceanian people. [SEP] The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
0	In botany, the petiole is the stalk that attaches the leaf blade to the stem. [SEP] The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
0	In many countries the public telephone network has a single emergency telephone number (sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or the emergency services number) that allows a caller to contact local emergency services for assistance. [SEP] Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
0	The Netherlands (; ) is the main constituent country () of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. [SEP] As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
0	Behavioral modernity is a suite of behavioral and cognitive traits that distinguishes current Homo sapiens from other anatomically modern humans, hominins, and primates. [SEP] I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
0	Colchester is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States. [SEP] There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
0	The American Indian Wars, or Indian Wars, were the multiple armed conflicts between European governments and colonists, and later American settlers or the United States government, and the native peoples of North America. [SEP] In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
0	Biathlon at the 1984 Winter Olympics consisted of three biathlon events. [SEP] A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
0	John James "Jack" Adams (June 14, 1895 – May 1, 1968) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player, coach and general manager in the National Hockey League and Pacific Coast Hockey Association. [SEP] Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
0	Nora Batty (née Renshaw) is a fictional character in the world's longest-running sitcom, Last of the Summer Wine. [SEP] The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
0	"Under the Sea" is a popular song from Disney's 1989 animated film The Little Mermaid, composed by Alan Menken with lyrics by Howard Ashman and based on the song "The Beautiful Briny" from the 1971 film Bedknobs and Broomsticks. [SEP] Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?
0	The Time Lords are a fictional, ancient extraterrestrial people in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, of which the series' protagonist, the Doctor, is a member. [SEP] Once again , director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
0	WHSmith plc (also known as WHS or colloquially as Smith's, and formerly W. H. Smith & Son) is a British retailer which operates a chain of high street, railway station, airport, port, hospital and motorway service station shops selling books, stationery, magazines, newspapers and entertainment products. [SEP] Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
0	Lambda calculus (also written as λ-calculus) is a formal system in mathematical logic for expressing computation based on function abstraction and application using variable binding and substitution. [SEP] Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
0	Benetton Formula Ltd., commonly referred to simply as Benetton, was a Formula One constructor that participated from to . [SEP] The most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore 's The Scarlet Letter .
0	Zumba is a dance fitness program created by Colombian dancer and choreographer Alberto "Beto" Perez during the 1990s. [SEP] It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
0	Haydock Park Racecourse is a racecourse in Merseyside, England. [SEP] It labours as storytelling .
0	Sir Robert Geoffrey Edwards, CBE, FRS (27 September 1925 – 10 April 2013) was an English physiologist and pioneer in reproductive medicine, and in-vitro fertilisation (IVF) in particular. [SEP] The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .
0	Sérgio Santos Mendes (; born February 11, 1941) is a Brazilian musician. [SEP] A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
0	Jutland (; ; ), also known as the Cimbrian Peninsula (; ), is a peninsula of Northern Europe that forms the continental portion of Denmark and the northern portion of Germany. [SEP] Lawrence should stick to his day job .
1	Mechanical engineering is the discipline that applies the principles of engineering, physics, and materials science for the design, analysis, manufacturing, and maintenance of mechanical systems. [SEP] He 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
0	The Donald Duck universe is a fictional shared universe which is the setting of stories involving Disney cartoon character Donald Duck, as well as Huey, Dewey, and Louie, Scrooge McDuck, and many other characters. [SEP] Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
1	"It Must Be Love" is a single by American country music artist Don Williams. [SEP] A well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
0	The neck, nicor, nixie or nokken (; , nekker; ; ; ; ) are shapeshifting water spirits in Germanic mythology and folklore who usually appeared in forms of other creatures. [SEP] I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
1	Memphis is a city in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Tennessee and the county seat of Shelby County. [SEP] A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
0	The following is a list of episodes for the British sitcom The Good Life that aired from 1975 to 1978. [SEP] Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
0	Johann Christoph Friedrich GutsMuths, also called Guts Muth or Gutsmuths (9 August 1759, Quedlinburg – 21 May 1839, Waltershausen), was a teacher and educator in Germany, and is especially known for his role in the development of physical education. [SEP] We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
0	Plains is a town in Sumter County, Georgia, United States. [SEP] The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
0	Product naming is the discipline of deciding what a product will be called, and is very similar in concept and approach to the process of deciding on a name for a company or organization. [SEP] Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .
0	Bubble or Bubbles may refer to: [SEP] Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
0	Jimmy Paul (born August 27, 1959 in Detroit, MI) was an American boxer in the lightweight division. [SEP] Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .
0	Pudding is a kind of food that can be either a dessert or a savory dish. [SEP] At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
0	"Bingo", also known as "Bingo Was His Name-O", "There Was a Farmer Who Had a Dog", and "C'era un contadino che aveva un cagnolino di nome Bingolino" in Italy, is an English language children's song of obscure origin. [SEP] Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
0	The Criollo (in Spanish), or Crioulo (in Portuguese), is the native horse of Uruguay (1910), Argentina (1918), Brazil (1932) and Paraguay. [SEP] Not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
0	Jimmy Kimmel Live! [SEP] As plain and pedestrian as catsup --
1	This is a list of notable inventors. [SEP] An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it .
0	The following are the flowers selected for the counties of the United Kingdom in Plantlife's 2002 "County Flowers" campaign. [SEP] Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
0	This is a history of Blackpool Football Club from 1962 to the present. [SEP] It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
0	Kingsmeadow (known as the Cherry Red Records Stadium for sponsorship purposes) is an association football stadium in the area of Norbiton, Kingston upon Thames, London, which is used for the home matches of both AFC Wimbledon and Kingstonian. [SEP] The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
0	Pem Dorjee () is a Nepalese Sherpa mountaineer born in 1982 in Chyangba, a small, remote village south of Mount Everest in Khumbu, Nepal. [SEP] Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
0	The Bristol Blenheim is a British light bomber aircraft designed and built by the Bristol Aeroplane Company that was used extensively in the first two years of the Second World War. [SEP] Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
0	The Babylonian captivity or Babylonian exile is the period in Jewish history during which a number of Judahites of the ancient Kingdom of Judah were captives in Babylonia. [SEP] Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .
0	Alnwick Castle is a castle and stately home in Alnwick in the English county of Northumberland. [SEP] Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
0	This is a list of the busiest airports in South America. [SEP] All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
0	Lang Lang (; born 14 June 1982) is a Chinese concert pianist who has performed with leading orchestras in Europe, the United States and his native China. [SEP] Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
0	Polaris ( Ursae Minoris, UMi, commonly the North Star or Pole Star) is the brightest star in the constellation Ursa Minor. [SEP] The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
0	A föhn or foehn is a type of dry, warm, down-slope wind that occurs in the lee (downwind side) of a mountain range. [SEP] For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
0	The or is the period between 1603 and 1868 in the history of Japan, when Japanese society was under the rule of the Tokugawa shogunate and the country's 300 regional daimyo. [SEP] This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
0	The Hamilton Tiger-Cats are a professional Canadian football team based in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, founded in 1950 with the merger of the Hamilton Tigers and the Hamilton Wildcats. [SEP] A bit too eager to please .
0	Jules François Archibald, known as J. F. Archibald, (14 January 1856 – 10 September 1919), Australian journalist and publisher, was co-owner and editor of The Bulletin during the days of its greatest influence in Australian politics and literary life. [SEP] You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .
0	The white horse of Kent, or the white horse rampant, is a symbol of Kent, a Principality (formerly the Jutish Kingdom) and county in the South East of the United Kingdom. [SEP] Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
1	The name Webster's Dictionary may refer to any of the line of dictionaries first developed by Noah Webster in the early nineteenth century and numerous unrelated dictionaries that adopted Webster's name just to share his prestige. [SEP] `` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
0	Venezuela is one of the world's largest exporters of oil and has the world's largest proven oil reserves at an estimated 296.5 billion barrels (20% of global reserves) as of 2012. [SEP] Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
0	"You're Beautiful" is a song co-written by British singer James Blunt, Sacha Skarbek, and Amanda Ghost for Blunt's debut album, Back to Bedlam (2004). [SEP] One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
0	The United Kingdom participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, Sweden. [SEP] ` The Château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
0	Tweed is a rough, woollen fabric, of a soft, open, flexible texture, resembling cheviot or homespun, but more closely woven. [SEP] Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
1	Alain Boublil (born 5 March 1941) is a Tunisian musical theatre lyricist and librettist, best known for his collaborations with the composer Claude-Michel Schönberg for musicals on Broadway and London's West End. [SEP] Crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
0	The mineral aggregate heliotrope (from Greek ἥλιος, hḗlios “Sun”, τρέπειν, trépein “to turn”), also known as bloodstone, is a variety of jasper or chalcedony (which is a cryptocrystalline mixture of quartz). [SEP] Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
0	"Happy" is a song written, produced and performed by American singer and producer Pharrell Williams, from the Despicable Me 2 soundtrack album. [SEP] An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
0	Jane Porter (later Jane Clayton, Lady Greystoke) is a major character in Edgar Rice Burroughs's series of Tarzan novels and in adaptations of the saga to other media, particularly film. [SEP] The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
0	Robin Douglas Leach (born 29 August 1941) is an English entertainment reporter and writer, best-known for hosting his first show, Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous, in the mid-1980s and into the mid-1990s, which focused on profiling well-known celebrities and their lavish homes, cars and other materialistic details. [SEP] All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
0	Mary Fisher, also Mary Fisher Bayley Crosse, (c.1623 – 1698) was one of the first travelling Quaker ministers. [SEP] The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
0	Voluntary manslaughter is the killing of a human being in which the offender had no prior intent to kill and acted during "the heat of passion", under circumstances that would cause a reasonable person to become emotionally or mentally disturbed. [SEP] Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
0	In the Domain Name System (DNS) hierarchy, a subdomain is a domain that is a part of a main domain. [SEP] Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
0	Miu Miu is an Italian high fashion women's clothing and accessory brand and a fully owned subsidiary of Prada. [SEP] ... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
0	This is a list of people known as "The Great". [SEP] Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
0	Kirsten Caroline Dunst (; born April 30, 1982) is an American actress, singer and model. [SEP] Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
0	In broadcasting, vox populi ( ) is an interview with members of the public. [SEP] The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
0	Brighton Rock is a novel by Graham Greene, published in 1938 and later adapted for film in 1947 and 2010. [SEP] It 's just not very smart .
0	#redirect fecesThe term felony, in some common law countries, means a serious crime. [SEP] Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
0	Matchbox is a popular toy brand which was introduced by Lesney Products in 1953, and is now owned by Mattel, Inc. [SEP] Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .
0	The Twenty20 Cup was a cricket competition for English and Welsh first-class counties from 2003 to 2009. [SEP] 90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
0	Scissors are hand-operated shearing tools. [SEP] Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
0	The Hanging Gardens of Babylon, one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, is the only one whose location has not been definitively established. [SEP] Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
0	John Lawrence Sullivan (October 12, 1858 – February 2, 1918), also known as the Boston Strong Boy, was an American boxer recognized as the first Heavyweight Champion of gloved boxing, holding the title from February 7, 1882, to 1892. [SEP] After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
0	This article presents a list of notable historical references to the name Palestine, and cognates such as "Filastin" and "Palaestina", throughout the history of the region. [SEP] This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .
0	Saddleworth is a civil parish of the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham in Greater Manchester, England. [SEP] It 's drab .
0	A pennyweight (abbreviated dwt or denarius weight) is a unit of mass that is equal to 24 grains, of a troy ounce, of a troy pound, approximately 0.054857 avoirdupois ounce Calculated using the relationships: [SEP] It 's uninteresting .
0	The Rank Organisation was a British entertainment conglomerate founded by industrialist J. Arthur Rank in April 1937. [SEP] It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !
0	Michael Shane Campbell, CNZM (born 23 February 1969) is a retired New Zealand professional golfer who is best known for having won the 2005 U.S. Open and the richest prize in golf, the £1,000,000 HSBC World Match Play Championship, in the same year. [SEP] The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .
0	Laggies (released in the United Kingdom as Say When) is a 2014 American romantic comedy film directed by Lynn Shelton and written by Andrea Seigel. [SEP] This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
0	The twist is a dance that was inspired by rock and roll music. [SEP] A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
0	Creighton Tull Chaney (February10, 1906 – July12, 1973), known by his stage name Lon Chaney Jr., was an American actor known for playing Larry Talbot in the 1941 film The Wolf Man and its various crossovers, as well as portraying other monsters such as The Mummy, Frankenstein's Monster, and Count Alucard (son of Dracula) in numerous horror films produced by Universal Studios. [SEP] Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
0	The Golan Heights ( or مرتفعات الجولان , , ), or simply the Golan or the Syrian Golan, is a region in the Levant. [SEP] A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
0	The Fairy with Turquoise Hair () is a fictional character in Carlo Collodi's 1883 book The Adventures of Pinocchio. [SEP] It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
0	A hoof ( or), plural hooves ( or) or hoofs, is the tip of a toe of an ungulate mammal, strengthened by a thick, horny, keratin covering. [SEP] New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
0	Fotheringay was a short-lived British folk rock group, formed in 1970 by singer Sandy Denny on her departure from Fairport Convention. [SEP] Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
1	Talmage Holt Farlow (June 7, 1921 – July 25, 1998) was an American jazz guitarist. [SEP] When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
0	A lymphocyte is one of the subtypes of white blood cell in a vertebrate's immune system. [SEP] I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
0	"Son of a Preacher Man" is a song recorded by Dusty Springfield in September 1968 and featured on the album Dusty in Memphis. [SEP] The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
0	Prudence (, contracted from meaning "seeing ahead, sagacity") is the ability to govern and discipline oneself by the use of reason. [SEP] Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
0	The Lucy Stone League is a women’s rights organization founded in 1921. [SEP] For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
0	Sir Charles Spencer "Charlie" Chaplin, (16 April 1889 – 25 December 1977) was an English comic actor, filmmaker, and composer who rose to fame in the silent era. [SEP] A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
0	The National Front (,, FN) is a socially conservative, nationalist political party in France. [SEP] Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''
0	John Lill CBE (born 17 March 1944, London) is an English classical pianist. [SEP] Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
0	Seattle, Washington contains many districts and neighborhoods. [SEP] Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
1	The WWE European Championship was a professional wrestling championship competed for in World Wrestling Entertainment. [SEP] Howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective .
0	The United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA or ECA) was established in 1958 by the United Nations Economic and Social Council to encourage economic cooperation among its member states (the nations of the African continent) following a recommendation of the United Nations General Assembly. [SEP] It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
0	The Shire horse is a breed of draught horse (BrE) or draft horse (AmE). [SEP] An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
0	During a relay race, members of a team take turns running, orienteering, swimming, cross-country skiing, biathlon, or ice skating (usually with a baton in the fist) parts of a circuit or performing a certain action. [SEP] By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
0	In computing, a computer keyboard is a typewriter-style device which uses an arrangement of buttons or keys to act as a mechanical lever or electronic switch. [SEP] The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .
0	Gladiolus (from Latin, the diminutive of gladius, a sword) is a genus of perennial cormous flowering plants in the iris family (Iridaceae). [SEP] A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
0	Mulhacén is the highest mountain in continental Spain and in the Iberian Peninsula. [SEP] Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
0	Charizard, known in Japan as , is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak's Pokémon franchise. [SEP] I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
0	Monsters, Inc. is a 2001 American computer-animated comedy film directed by Pete Docter at his directorial debut, produced by Pixar Animation Studios, and released by Walt Disney Pictures. [SEP] Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
0	Naga fireballs (; ), also known as Mekong lights, and "bung fai paya nak" by the locals, is a phenomenon said to be often seen on the Mekong River. [SEP] I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
0	Hampstead ( or), commonly known as Hampstead Village, is an area of London, England, 4 mi north-west of Charing Cross. [SEP] Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
0	The Peugeot 405 is a large family car released by the French automaker Peugeot in July 1987, and which continues to be manufactured under licence outside France. [SEP] It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
0	The Second Battle of Porto, also known as the Battle of the Douro, was a battle in which General Arthur Wellesley's Anglo-Portuguese Army defeated Marshal Nicolas Soult's French troops on 12 May 1809 and took back the city of Porto. [SEP] A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
0	Tokaj wine region ( ) or Tokaj-Hegyalja wine region (short Tokaj-Hegyalja or Hegyalja) is a historical wine region located in northeastern Hungary and southeastern Slovakia. [SEP] Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
0	"Ain't No Doubt" is a popular song by Jimmy Nail. [SEP] The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
0	The Meal, Ready-to-Eat – commonly known as the MRE – is a self-contained, individual field ration in lightweight packaging bought by the United States military for its service members for use in combat or other field conditions where organized food facilities are not available. [SEP] works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
0	The Trojan Horse is a tale from the Trojan War about the subterfuge that the Greeks used to enter the city of Troy and won the war. [SEP] Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
1	Carry On Jatta () is a 2012 Punjabi comedy film directed by Smeep Kang, and starring Gippy Grewal opposite Mahie Gill in lead roles. [SEP] 4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
0	The Hunter Region, also commonly known as the Hunter Valley, is a region of New South Wales, Australia, extending from approximately 120 km to 310 km north of Sydney. [SEP] Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
0	The Rijksmuseum (; ) is a Dutch national museum dedicated to arts and history in Amsterdam. [SEP] Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
0	Pears transparent soap is a brand of soap first produced and sold in 1807 by Andrew Pears at a factory just off Oxford Street in London, England. [SEP] Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
0	The Lego Movie Videogame is a Lego-themed action-adventure video game developed by TT Fusion. [SEP] The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
0	A beer festival is an event at which a variety of beers are available for purchase. [SEP] I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
0	Jewish Christians, also Hebrew Christians or Judeo-Christians, were the original members of the Jewish movement that later became Christianity. [SEP] I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
0	A hillfort or hill fort is a type of earthworks used as a fortified refuge or defended settlement, located to exploit a rise in elevation for defensive advantage. [SEP] There 's already been too many of these films ...
1	In archaeology, excavation is the exposure, processing and recording of archaeological remains. [SEP] Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
0	Stephen Roger "Steve" Bruce (born 31 December 1960) is an English professional football manager and former player who is currently without a club, having left Hull City in July 2016. [SEP] Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
0	Thomas William Croke D.D. [SEP] Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
0	"So You Win Again" is a popular single from the Hot Chocolate album Every 1's a Winner. [SEP] ` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .
0	The State of the Union address is a speech presented by the President of the United States to a joint session of the United States Congress, typically delivered annually. [SEP] Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
0	Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum (Arabic: محمد بن راشد آل مكتوم; ; born 15 July 1949), is the Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Emir of Dubai. [SEP] White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
0	The supine position ( or) means lying horizontally with the face and torso facing up, as opposed to the prone position, which is face down. [SEP] The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
0	The Ukrainian revolution of 2014 (also known as the Euromaidan Revolution or Revolution of Dignity; , Revoliutsiya hidnosti) took place in Ukraine in February 2014, when a series of violent events involving protesters, riot police, and unknown shooters in the capital, Kiev, culminated in the ousting of Ukrainian President, Viktor Yanukovych (who had won the 2010 Ukrainian presidential election ). [SEP] This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
0	This is a list of recording artists who have reached number one on Billboard magazine's weekly pop singles chart(s). [SEP] Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
0	The Semien Mountains (in Amharic ስሜን or Səmen; also spelled Simien and Simen), in northern Ethiopia, north east of Gondar, are part of the Ethiopian Highlands. [SEP] The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
0	A wide range of equipment is used during rock or any other type of climbing. [SEP] Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
0	The Venera (,) series space probes were developed by the Soviet Union between 1961 and 1984 to gather data from Venus, Venera being the Russian name for Venus. [SEP] How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .
0	Deputy assistant commissioner (DAC) is a rank in London's Metropolitan Police Service between assistant commissioner and commander. [SEP] Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
0	Pit is a fast-paced card game for three to seven players, designed to simulate open outcry bidding for commodities. [SEP] One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
0	Gary Mark Gilmore (December 4, 1940 – January 17, 1977) was an American criminal who gained international notoriety for demanding the implementation of his death sentence for two murders he committed in Utah. [SEP] For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
0	The Volkswagen Passat () is a large family sedan produced by the German manufacturer Volkswagen since 1973, through eight design generations. [SEP] I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
0	US Airways was a major American airline that ceased to exist on October 17, 2015, after merging with American Airlines. [SEP] A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
0	Costa Rica is located on the Central American Isthmus, surrounding the point 10° north of the equator and 84° west of the prime meridian. [SEP] Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
0	WALL-E (stylized with an interpunct as WALL·E) is a 2008 American computer-animated science-fiction comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. [SEP] This is a film living far too much in its own head .
0	The Mini is a small economy car made by the British Motor Corporation (BMC) and its successors from 1959 until 2000. [SEP] Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
0	"We Bring Good Things to Life" was an advertising slogan used by General Electric between 1979 and 2003. [SEP] A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .
0	There are many customs and traditions associated with the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom, many of these traditions have carried on to other Commonwealth navies, such as Canada, Australia and New Zealand. [SEP] It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
0	The germ theory of disease states that some diseases are caused by microorganisms. [SEP] To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
0	Water politics in the Jordan River basin are the political issues of water within the Jordan River drainage basin, including competing claims and water usage, and issues of riparian rights of surface water along transnational rivers, as well as the availability and usage of ground water. [SEP] -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
0	Semantics (from sēmantikós, "significant") is the study of meaning—in language, programming languages, formal logics, and semiotics. [SEP] A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
1	Charlie the Tuna is the cartoon mascot and spokes-tuna for the StarKist brand. [SEP] What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
0	Tap water (running water, city water, municipal water, etc.) [SEP] Drowning 's too good for this sucker .
0	Because energy is defined via work, the SI unit for energy is the same as the unit of work – the joule (J), named in honor of James Prescott Joule and his experiments on the mechanical equivalent of heat. [SEP] An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
0	"Nutbush City Limits" is a semi-autobiographical song written and originally performed by Tina Turner in which she commemorates her rural hometown of Nutbush, Tennessee. [SEP] Frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
0	Since the inception of the English football league competition, the Premier League, in 1992, more than 100 players have scored three goals (a hat-trick) or more in a single match. [SEP] But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
0	Events from the year 1766 in Great Britain. [SEP] Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
0	London Connects was jointly owned by the Greater London Authority and London Councils. [SEP] Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
0	Laetiporus is a genus of edible mushrooms found throughout much of the world. [SEP] My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
0	"Jabberwocky" is a nonsense poem written by Lewis Carroll about the killing of an animal called "the Jabberwock". [SEP] Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
1	The Needles Battery is a military Battery built above the Needles stacks in 1861–63 to guard the West end of the Solent. [SEP] Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .
0	The cicadas ( or) are a superfamily, the Cicadoidea, of insects in the order Hemiptera (true bugs). [SEP] Should have gone straight to video .
0	Plastic is a material consisting of any of a wide range of synthetic or semi-synthetic organic compounds that are malleable and can be molded into solid objects. [SEP] It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
0	Seymour is a city in Outagamie County, Wisconsin, United States. [SEP] It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
0	River Jude Phoenix (born River Jude Bottom; August 23, 1970 – October 31, 1993 ) was an American actor, musician, and activist. [SEP] Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .
0	Redwall is an American/Canadian animated series made by Canada-based Nelvana and France-based Alphanim and is based on the Redwall novels by Brian Jacques. [SEP] A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
0	Middle Eastern cuisine is the cuisine of the various countries and peoples of the Middle East. [SEP] Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
0	Banished is a British drama television serial created by Jimmy McGovern. [SEP] Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .
0	Ian Ronald Bell MBE (born 11 April 1982) is an English cricketer who plays international cricket for the England cricket team. [SEP] It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
0	The Marshall Islands, officially the Republic of the Marshall Islands (),Pronunciations:* English: Republic of the Marshall Islands* Marshallese: ' is an island country located near the equator in the Pacific Ocean, slightly west of the International Date Line. [SEP] Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
0	For the Westminster constituency, see Kinross-shire (UK Parliament constituency). [SEP] Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
0	Beko is a Turkish domestic appliance and consumer electronics brand of Arçelik A.Ş. [SEP] Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
0	Running Dog is a 1978 novel by Don DeLillo. [SEP] Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .
0	The Bengal tiger, also called the royal Bengal tiger (Panthera tigris tigris), is the most numerous tiger subspecies. [SEP] If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
0	General William Howe, 5th Viscount Howe, KB, PC (10 August 1729 – 12 July 1814) was a British Army officer who rose to become Commander-in-Chief of British forces during the American War of Independence. [SEP] Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
0	Baldwin I of Jerusalem, formerly Baldwin I of Edessa, born Baldwin of Boulogne (French: Baudouin de Boulogne), 1058? [SEP] ... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
0	Tramontane is a classical name for a northern wind. [SEP] Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
0	Urea or carbamide (from the Greek word Ουρία) is an organic compound with the chemical formula CO(NH2)2. [SEP] A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .
0	The World Rugby Sevens Series, known officially as the HSBC World Rugby Sevens Series due to sponsorship from banking group HSBC, is an annual series of international rugby sevens tournaments run by World Rugby featuring national sevens teams. [SEP] Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
0	The Island of the Day Before () is a historical fiction novel by Umberto Eco set in the 17th-century during the historical search for the secret of longitude. [SEP] Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
0	The following events occurred in July 1925: [SEP] Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
0	The Apple II (stylized as apple ][) is an 8-bit home computer, one of the first highly successful mass-produced microcomputer products, designed primarily by Steve Wozniak (Steve Jobs oversaw the development of the Apple II's foam-molded plastic case and Rod Holt developed the switching power supply). [SEP] But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
0	An ice pick is a tool used to break up, pick at, or chip at ice. [SEP] Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
0	Pollution is the introduction of contaminants into the natural environment that cause adverse change. [SEP] It should have stayed there .
0	"Ready or Not" is a song by the American hip hop group Fugees, from their second studio album The Score (1996). [SEP] But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
0	One Tree Hill is an American television drama series created by Mark Schwahn, which premiered on September 23, 2003 on The WB. [SEP] The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
0	Princess Antonia, Duchess of Wellington, Duchess of Ciudad Rodrigo, Princess of Waterloo, OBE (born 28 April 1955), is a great-granddaughter of Wilhelm II, German Emperor and the wife of the current Duke of Wellington. [SEP] Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
0	The gastrointestinal tract, also known as the gut or alimentary canal, is a tube by which bilaterian animals (including humans) transfer food to the digestion organs. [SEP] Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
0	Valley County is a rural county located in the U.S. state of Idaho. [SEP] There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .
0	Walt Disney Animation Studios, headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California, is an American animation studio that creates animated feature films, short films, and television specials for The Walt Disney Company. [SEP] The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
1	The 2012 Summer Olympics medal table is a list of National Olympic Committees (NOCs) ranked by the number of gold medals won during the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, the capital of the United Kingdom, from 27 July to 12 August 2012. [SEP] Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .
0	Sentosa (Sanskrit: संतोष; Chinese: 圣淘沙) is a popular island resort in Singapore, visited by some twenty million people a year. [SEP] But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
1	This is a list of international presidential trips made by Barack Obama, the 44th president of the United States. [SEP] Too clever by about nine-tenths .
0	A doctorate (from Latin docere, "to teach") or doctor's degree (from Latin doctor, "teacher") or doctoral degree (from the ancient formalism licentia docendi) is an academic degree awarded by universities that, in most countries, qualifies the holder to teach at the university level in the degree's field, or to work in a specific profession. [SEP] Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
0	The original World Trade Center was a large complex of seven buildings in Lower Manhattan, New York City, United States. [SEP] Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
0	Holly Brook Hafermann (born February 23, 1986), who goes by the stage name Skylar Grey, is an American singer and songwriter from Mazomanie, Wisconsin. [SEP] Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
1	Constructivism was an artistic and architectural philosophy that originated in Russia beginning in 1913 by Vladimir Tatlin. [SEP] Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
0	An anticyclone (that is, opposite to a cyclone) is a weather phenomenon defined by the United States National Weather Service's glossary as "a large-scale circulation of winds around a central region of high atmospheric pressure, clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere, anti-clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere". [SEP] Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
0	Gloucestershire ( ; abbreviated Glos.) [SEP] Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
0	Charlie's Angels is an American crime drama television series that aired on ABC from September 22, 1976 to June 24, 1981, producing five seasons and 110 episodes. [SEP] This thing is just garbage .
0	The English landscape garden, also called English landscape park or simply the English garden (, , , , ), is a style of "landscape" garden which emerged in England in the early 18th century, and spread across Europe, replacing the more formal, symmetrical jardin à la française of the 17th century as the principal gardening style of Europe. [SEP] There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
1	RadioWest South West is an adult contemporary-formatted commercial radio station, owned and operated by Southern Cross Austereo. [SEP] A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
0	The Tour de France is an annual road bicycle race held over 23 days in July. [SEP] An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
0	Get Smart is an American comedy television series that satirizes the secret agent genre. [SEP] If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .
0	Henry Louis "Hank" Aaron (born February 5, 1934), nicknamed "Hammer", or "Hammerin' Hank", is a retired American Major League Baseball (MLB) right fielder. [SEP] My own minority report is that it stinks .
0	"Jealous Guy" is a song written and performed by John Lennon which first appeared on his 1971 album Imagine. [SEP] Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
1	Jack Driscoll is a fictional character in the King Kong franchise. [SEP] The script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
0	The Russia national football team (, natsionálnaya sbórnaya Rossii po futbólu) represents Russia in association football and is controlled by the Russian Football Union (, ), the governing body for football in Russia. [SEP] ... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
0	James Hilton (9 September 1900 - 20 December 1954) was an English novelist best remembered for several best-sellers, including Lost Horizon and Goodbye, Mr. Chips. [SEP] While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
0	The Democratic-Republican Party was the American political party in the 1790s of Thomas Jefferson and James Madison formed in opposition to the centralizing policies of the Federalist party. [SEP] With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
0	Northern Nigeria was a British protectorate which lasted from 1900 until 1914 and covered the northern part of what is now Nigeria. [SEP] -LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
0	This is a list of Speakers of the House of Commons of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800 and the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1801. [SEP] Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
0	Fishing bait is any substance used to attract and catch fish, e.g. [SEP] ... unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB- , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
0	The Watts riots took place in the Watts neighborhood of Los Angeles from August 11 to 17, 1965. [SEP] Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
0	The Throne of Fire is a 2011 fantasy adventure novel written by Rick Riordan. [SEP] A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
1	This article focuses on poetry written in English from the United Kingdom: England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland (and Ireland before 1922). [SEP] waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway .
0	List of active ships of the South African Navy. [SEP] Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .
0	A gingerbread man is a biscuit or cookie made of gingerbread, usually in the shape of a stylized human, although other shapes, especially seasonal themes (Christmas, Halloween, Easter, etc.) [SEP] It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
0	USS Utah (BB-31/AG-16) was the second and final member of the of dreadnought battleships. [SEP] I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .
0	In music, the conclusion is the ending of a composition and may take the form of a coda or outro. [SEP] Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
0	Shock Treatment is a 1981 American black comedy musical film directed by Jim Sharman, co-written by Sharman and Richard O'Brien, and a follow-up to the 1975 film The Rocky Horror Picture Show. [SEP] What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
0	Champagne is a sparkling wine produced from grapes grown in the Champagne region of France following rules that demand, among other things, secondary fermentation of the wine in the bottle to create carbonation, specific vineyard practices, sourcing of grapes exclusively from specific parcels in the Champagne appellation and specific pressing regimes unique to the region. [SEP] A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
0	Siberia (; ) is an extensive geographical region, and by the broadest definition is also known as North Asia. [SEP] Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .
0	Music from the Motion Picture Pulp Fiction is the soundtrack to Quentin Tarantino's 1994 film Pulp Fiction. [SEP] It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
0	The solar mass () is a standard unit of mass in astronomy that is used to indicate the masses of other stars, as well as clusters, nebulae and galaxies. [SEP] Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
0	Egdon Heath is a fictitious area of Thomas Hardy's Wessex inhabited sparsely by the people who cut the furze (gorse) that grows there. [SEP] A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
0	Natalie du Toit OIG (; born 29 January 1984) is a South African swimmer. [SEP] -LRB- T -RRB- oo many of these gross out scenes ...
0	The Oxford University Parks, commonly referred to locally as the University Parks, the Uni Parks or just The Parks, is a large parkland area slightly northeast of the city centre in Oxford, England. [SEP] About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
0	Boxer is a strong but ignorant horse in George Orwell's Animal Farm. [SEP] Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
0	Bort or boart is a term used in the diamond industry to refer to shards of non-gem-grade/quality diamonds. [SEP] One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
1	Miranda is a British television sitcom written by and starring comedian Miranda Hart. [SEP] The big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
0	"Happy Birthday to You", also known more simply as "Happy Birthday", is a song that is traditionally sung to celebrate the anniversary of a person's birth. [SEP] It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
0	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebral skeleton. [SEP] Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
0	The Cure are an English rock band formed in Crawley, West Sussex, in 1976. [SEP] For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .
0	Australia–United States relations are the international relations between the Commonwealth of Australia and the United States of America. [SEP] Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
0	The Street is a British television drama series created by Jimmy McGovern, directed by David Blair, and produced by Granada Television for the BBC. [SEP] ` Christian Bale 's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
0	Samuel Cornelius Phillips (January 5, 1923 – July 30, 2003) was an American musician, businessman, record executive, music producer, and disc jockey who played an important role in the emergence and development of rock and roll and rockabilly as the major form of popular music in the 1950s. [SEP] After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
0	The Compton Gamma Ray Observatory (CGRO) was a space observatory detecting light from 20 keV to 30 GeV in Earth orbit from 1991 to 2000. [SEP] In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
0	The World's Columbian Exposition (the official shortened name for the World's Fair: Columbian Exposition, also known as The Chicago World's Fair and Chicago Columbian Exposition) was a world's fair held in Chicago in 1893 to celebrate the 400th anniversary of Christopher Columbus's arrival in the New World in 1492. [SEP] The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
0	Edgbaston is a suburban area of Central Birmingham, England. [SEP] Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
0	The scaphoid bone (from the Greek word scaphoides, boat-shaped) is one of the carpal bones of the wrist. [SEP] If only Merchant paid more attention the story .
0	There is some confusion in the literature on whether al-Khwārizmī's full name is or . [SEP] At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
0	The Four Feathers is a 1902 adventure novel by British writer A. E. W. Mason that has inspired many films of the same title. [SEP] ... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
0	Germination is the process by which a plant grows from a seed. [SEP] A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
0	Liguria (, ) is a coastal region of north-western Italy; its capital is Genoa. [SEP] The characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
0	The Kingdom of Navarre (; , , , ), originally the Kingdom of Pamplona, was a Basque-based kingdom that occupied lands on either side of the western Pyrenees, alongside the Atlantic Ocean between present-day Spain and France. [SEP] Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
1	Wool is the textile fiber obtained from sheep and certain other animals, including cashmere from goats, mohair from goats, qiviut from muskoxen, angora from rabbits, and other types of wool from camelids. [SEP] Not the Great American Comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
0	Are You an Egghead? [SEP] A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
0	An abbreviation (from Latin brevis, meaning short) is a shortened form of a word or phrase. [SEP] Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
1	The Final War of the Roman Republic, also known as Antony's Civil War or The War between Antony and Octavian, was the last of the Roman civil wars of the republic, fought between Cleopatra (assisted by Mark Antony) and Octavian. [SEP] The movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
0	The American International Toy Fair (stylized as TOY FAIR) is an annual toy industry trade show held in mid-February in New York City's Jacob K. Javits Convention Center and at toy showrooms around the city. [SEP] plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
0	The Iron Gates (, , , , ) is a gorge on the River Danube. [SEP] The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
1	This is a list of Italian dishes and foods. [SEP] For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .
0	Waterford Wedgwood plc is the former holding entity for a group of companies, headquartered in Ireland, which specialized in the manufacture of high quality china, porcelain, and glass. [SEP] I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
1	Glassine is a smooth and glossy paper that is air, water and grease resistant. [SEP] Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
0	"Tithonus" is the tenth episode of the sixth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files. [SEP] Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway
0	Manihot esculenta (commonly called cassava, Brazilian arrowroot, manioc, tapioca,ދަނދިއަލުވި, in The Maldives and yuca) is a woody shrub native to South America of the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae. [SEP] Naipaul fans may be disappointed .
0	In literature, writing style is the manner of expressing thought in language characteristic of an individual, period, school, or nation. [SEP] Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
0	Mentorship is a relationship in which a more experienced or more knowledgeable person helps to guide a less experienced or less knowledgeable person. [SEP] Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
0	Postmodernism describes both an era and a broad movement that developed in the late-20th century across philosophy, the arts, architecture, and criticism which marked a departure from modernism. [SEP] If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
0	Radioactive decay, also known as nuclear decay or radioactivity, is the process by which the nucleus of an unstable atom loses energy by emitting radiation, including alpha particles, beta particles, gamma rays and conversion electrons. [SEP] Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
0	Michael "Mike" David McCready (born April 5, 1966) is an American musician who serves as the lead guitarist for the American rock band Pearl Jam. [SEP] By that measure , it is a failure .
0	Disarmament is the act of reducing, limiting, or abolishing weapons. [SEP] A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
0	Kelly Brianne Clarkson (born April 24, 1982) is an American singer, songwriter and actress. [SEP] An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .
0	Carnie Wilson (born April 29, 1968) is an American singer and television host, perhaps best known as a member of the pop music group Wilson Phillips. [SEP] Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
0	A museum is distinguished by a collection of often unique objects that forms the core of its activities for exhibitions, education, research, etc. [SEP] An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .
0	Montane ecosystems refers to any ecosystem found in mountains. [SEP] The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
0	Nirvana was an American grunge band formed by guitar player Kurt Cobain and bassist Krist Novoselic in Aberdeen, Washington, in 1987. [SEP] Everyone 's to blame here .
0	The ABC Dragonfly was a British radial engine developed towards the end of the First World War. [SEP] You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
0	St. Mary Axe was a medieval parish in the City of London whose name survives as that of the street which it formerly occupied. [SEP] Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
0	The Luck of Barry Lyndon is a picaresque novel by William Makepeace Thackeray, first published in serial form in 1844, about a member of the Irish gentry trying to become a member of the English aristocracy. [SEP] Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
0	Elizabeth Berkley Lauren (born July 28, 1972) is an American television, film and theatre actress. [SEP] But what is missing from it all is a moral .
0	Underwater acoustics is the study of the propagation of sound in water and the interaction of the mechanical waves that constitute sound with the water and its boundaries. [SEP] Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
0	Michael Hills (born 22 January 1963) was a British flat racing jockey. [SEP] You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
0	The đồng (;; sign: ₫; code: VND) has been the currency of Vietnam since May 3, 1978. [SEP] Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
0	This list of characters from the Star Wars franchise contains only characters that are considered part of Star Wars canon. [SEP] The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
0	"Thank Heaven for Little Girls" is a 1957 song written by Alan Jay Lerner and Frederick Loewe and often associated with performer Maurice Chevalier. [SEP] Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
0	First Consul Napoleon Bonaparte moved into the Tuileries Palace on 19 February 1800 and immediately began to re-establish calm and order after the years of uncertainty and terror of the Revolution. [SEP] Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
0	Jacqueline "Jacqui" Frazier-Lyde (born Jacqueline Frazier; December 2, 1961) is an American lawyer and former professional boxer, who is the daughter of former world Heavyweight boxing champion Joe Frazier. [SEP] Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
0	Religious art or sacred art is artistic imagery using religious inspiration and motifs and is often intended to uplift the mind to the spiritual. [SEP] Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .
0	Lee R. Raymond (born August 13, 1938) is an American businessman, and the chief executive officer (CEO) and chairman of ExxonMobil from 1999 to 2005. [SEP] `` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
0	This is a list of fantasy authors, authors known for writing works of fantasy, fantasy literature, or related genres of magic realism, horror fiction, science fantasy. [SEP] Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
0	The solitaires are medium-sized mostly insectivorous birds in the genera Myadestes, Cichlopsis and Entomodestes of the thrush family Turdidae. [SEP] Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
1	HOTAIR (for HOX transcript antisense RNA) is a human gene located on chromosome 12. [SEP] First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
0	Freerunning (or free running/FR) is an acrobatic and athletic discipline founded by Sébastien Foucan, who wrote a book on the subject. [SEP] ... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
0	President William McKinley High School, more commonly referred to as McKinley High School, is a comprehensive public high school in the Honolulu District of the Hawaii State Department of Education and serves grades nine through twelve. [SEP] Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
0	Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky (,; 4 May 1881 – 11 June 1970) was a Russian lawyer and politician who served as the second Minister-Chairman of the Russian Provisional Government between July and November 1917. [SEP] Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
0	John Le Mesurier (, born John Elton Le Mesurier Halliley; 5 April 1912 - 15 November 1983) was an English actor. [SEP] In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
0	Tigger is a fictional tiger character originally introduced in A. [SEP] Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .
0	The premiership of Gordon Brown began on 27 June 2007 when Brown accepted the Queen's invitation to form a government, replacing Tony Blair as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. [SEP] The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
1	The Greek government-debt crisis (also known as the Greek depression) is the sovereign debt crisis faced by Greece in the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2007–08. [SEP] Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
0	The Trans-Siberian Railway (TSR, ) is a network of railways connecting Moscow with the Russian Far East and the Sea of Japan. [SEP] But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
0	A multi-tool (or multitool) is any one of a range of portable, versatile hand tools that combines several individual functions in a single unit. [SEP] In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
0	Robert Ironside (born 20 August 1967) is a former association football player who represented New Zealand internationally in the late 1980s and early 1990s. [SEP] This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
0	An escalator is a type of vertical transportation in the form of a moving staircase – a conveyor transport device for carrying people between floors of a building. [SEP] The film is flat .
0	Port Royal is a village located at the end of the Palisadoes at the mouth of the Kingston Harbour, in southeastern Jamaica. [SEP] The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
0	The Jack Russell Terrier is a small terrier that has its origins in fox hunting. [SEP] An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
0	An electrical grid is an interconnected network for delivering electricity from suppliers to consumers. [SEP] The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .
0	Jeeves and Wooster is a British comedy-drama series adapted by Clive Exton from P. G. Wodehouse's "Jeeves" stories. [SEP] Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?
0	G.O.A.T. [SEP] This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
0	The kilobyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information. [SEP] The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
0	Biochemistry, sometimes called biological chemistry, is the study of chemical processes within and relating to living organisms. [SEP] When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .
0	HMS Tiger was a conventional cruiser of the Royal Navy, one of a three ship class known as the . [SEP] The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
0	The land speed record (or absolute land speed record) is the highest speed achieved by a person using a vehicle on land. [SEP] An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
0	Cassie LaRue Gaines (January 9, 1948 – October 20, 1977) was an American singer, best known for her work with Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. [SEP] Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
0	This is a list of oldest buildings and structures in Halifax, Canada that were constructed before 1920. [SEP] This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
0	The One Show is a BBC Television magazine programme. [SEP] It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
0	Dante's Peak is a 1997 American dramatic disaster thriller film directed by Roger Donaldson. [SEP] Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
0	Suicide is the act of intentionally causing one's own death. [SEP] It 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
0	Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach (8 March 1714 – 14 December 1788), also formerly spelled Karl Philipp Emmanuel Bach, was a German Classical period musician and composer, the fifth child and second (surviving) son of Johann Sebastian Bach and Maria Barbara Bach. [SEP] Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
0	The aorta is the main artery in the human body, originating from the left ventricle of the heart and extending down to the abdomen, where it splits into two smaller arteries (the common iliac arteries). [SEP] A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
0	The provinces and territories of Canada are the tier of government in Canada that governs over designated geographical areas of Canada. [SEP] The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
0	Cuttlefish are marine animals of the order Sepiida. [SEP] A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
0	Livorno is a port city on the Ligurian Sea on the western coast of Tuscany, Italy. [SEP] At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
0	This is a list of people who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with the city of Boston, Massachusetts and its surrounding metropolitan statistical area. [SEP] Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
0	The year 1947 in film involved some significant events. [SEP] Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
0	The Absence of War is a play by English playwright David Hare, the final installment of his trilogy about contemporary Britain. [SEP] What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
0	A male (♂) organism is the physiological sex that produces sperm. [SEP] Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...
0	Carnation is a brand of food products. [SEP] Not once does it come close to being exciting .
0	E pluribus unum (;)—Latin for "Out of many, one" (alternatively translated as "One out of many" or "One from many") — is a 13-letter phrase on the Seal of the United States, along with Annuit cœptis (Latin for "He approves (has approved) of the undertakings") and Novus ordo seclorum (Latin for "New Order of the Ages"), and adopted by an Act of Congress in 1782. [SEP] One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
0	"There was an Old Woman Who Lived in a Shoe" is a popular English language nursery rhyme, with a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19132. [SEP] Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
0	Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a 2010 American action fantasy film directed by Mike Newell. [SEP] It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
0	"Mack the Knife" or "The Ballad of Mack the Knife", originally "Die Moritat von Mackie Messer", is a song composed by Kurt Weill with lyrics by Bertolt Brecht for their music drama Die Dreigroschenoper, or, as it is known in English, The Threepenny Opera. [SEP] I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
0	In musical composition, the Opus number is the "work number" that is assigned to a composition, or to a set of compositions, to indicate the chronological order of the composer's production. [SEP] Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
0	The bombing of Guernica (26 April 1937) was an aerial bombing of the Basque town of Guernica during the Spanish Civil War. [SEP] The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
0	Julie Frances Christie (born 14 April 1940)Although most sources cite 1941 as Christie's year of birth, she was in fact born in 1940 and baptised that year.First name(s) Julie FrancesLast name ChristieBaptism year:1940Birth year: 1940Place: DibrugarhPresidency BengalMother's first name(s)-Mother's last name-Father's first name(s)-Father's last name ChristieBaptism date: 1940Birth date: 1940Archive reference: N-1-606&607Folio: #93Catalogue descriptions: Parish register transcripts from the Presidency of BengalRecords: British India Office births & baptismsCategory: Birth, Marriage, Death & Parish RecordsRecord collection: Births & baptisms[http://search.findmypast.co.uk/record?idbl%2fbind%2fb%2f685327&refreshingcookie [SEP] It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
0	The Ford Model A (also colloquially called the A-Model Ford or the A, and A-bone among rodders and customizers), was the second huge success for the Ford Motor Company, after its predecessor, the Model T. First produced on October 20, 1927, but not sold until December 2, it replaced the venerable Model T, which had been produced for 18 years. [SEP] Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
0	There are 188 named women in the Bible and many others that are left unnamed. [SEP] A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
0	Michael David "Mike" Fisher was a fictional character in the BBC sit-com Only Fools and Horses. [SEP] If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
0	MCPON John-117, or "Master Chief", is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Halo fictional universe created by Bungie. [SEP] Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
0	Kenneth Patrick Weatherwax (September 29, 1955 – December 7, 2014) was an American child actor. [SEP] Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
0	Pinkerton, founded as the Pinkerton National Detective Agency, is a private security guard and detective agency established in the United States by Allan Pinkerton in 1850 and currently a subsidiary of Securitas AB. [SEP] Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
0	A street light, light pole, lamppost, street lamp, light standard, or lamp standard is a raised source of light on the edge of a road or walkway. [SEP] This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .
0	Minerva "Minnie" Mouse is a funny animal cartoon character created by Ub Iwerks and Walt Disney. [SEP] The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
0	The Scottish League Cup, currently known as the Betfred Cup for sponsorship reasons, is a football competition open to all Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) clubs. [SEP] A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
0	A heavy tank was a subset of tank that provided better armour protection as well as equal or greater firepower than tanks of lighter classes, at the cost of mobility and manoeuvrability and, particularly, expense. [SEP] A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
0	Candleriggs is a street in the city of Glasgow, Scotland. [SEP] We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
0	The Vamps are a British pop rock band consisting of Brad Simpson (lead vocals and guitar), James McVey (lead guitar and vocals), Connor Ball (bass guitar and vocals) and Tristan Evans (drums and vocals). [SEP] Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
0	Alison Steadman, OBE (born 26 August 1946) is an English actress. [SEP] Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
0	An all-time medal table for all Olympic Games from 1896 to 2014, including Summer Olympic Games, Winter Olympic Games, and a combined total of both, is tabulated below. [SEP] Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
0	Malala Yousafzai S.St (Malālah Yūsafzay: ; ; born 12 July 1997) is a Pakistani activist for female education and the youngest-ever Nobel Prize laureate. [SEP] And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
0	Ain't Misbehavin is a 1929 stride jazz/early swing composition with 32 bars in AABA measure with a slow-to-moderate pace. [SEP] Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
0	Banja Luka (,) or Banjaluka () is the largest city of the Republika Srpska entity and second largest city in Bosnia and Herzegovina after the capital Sarajevo. [SEP] Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
0	Tara Cressida Frances "Finty" Williams (born 24 September 1972) is an English actress. [SEP] The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
0	Babar the Elephant is a fictional character who first appeared in 1931 in the French children's book Histoire de Babar by Jean de Brunhoff. [SEP] Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
0	"Oh My Love" is a song written by John Lennon and Yoko Ono that appeared on Lennon's Imagine album in 1971. [SEP] Never comes together as a coherent whole .
0	Orient Overseas Container Line (OOCL) is a Hong Kong-based container shipping and logistics service company. [SEP] An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .
0	In association football, an assistant referee (known as a linesman or lineswoman before 1996) is an official empowered with assisting the referee in enforcing the Laws of the Game during a match. [SEP] First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
0	Burmese Days is a novel by British writer George Orwell. [SEP] And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
0	For the town in France, see Praslin, Aube; for the town in Saint Lucia, see Praslin, Saint Lucia. [SEP] Do n't even bother to rent this on video .
0	The Arab League ( '), formally the League of Arab States ( '), is a regional organization of Arab countries in and around North Africa, the Horn of Africa and Arabia. [SEP] There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
0	Events [SEP] This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
0	Churchill Insurance is a United Kingdom insurance company based in Bromley, London. [SEP] Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
0	Can This Be Love is a film starring Hero Angeles and Sandara Park, with Roxanne Guinoo, Joross Gamboa, and Paw Diaz. [SEP] Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
0	A road is a thoroughfare, route, or way on land between two places that has been paved or otherwise improved to allow travel by foot or some form of conveyance, including a motor vehicle, cart, bicycle, or horse. [SEP] The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
0	Fins are usually the most distinctive features of a fish. [SEP] A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
0	In mathematics, the Bernoulli numbers Bn are a sequence of rational numbers with deep connections to number theory. [SEP] An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
0	In biology, kingdom (latin: regnum, pl. [SEP] The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
0	The Palazzo della Zecca is a 16th-century building in Venice which once housed the official government mint, or offices responsible for coining money. [SEP] A film that suffers because of its many excesses .
0	Shredded wheat is a breakfast cereal made from whole wheat formed into pillow-like biscuits. [SEP] Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
0	In biological classification, class () is: [SEP] In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
0	Stanley Tucci (;; born November 11, 1960) is an American actor, writer, producer and film director. [SEP] But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
0	The Tale of the Stone Flower, Op. [SEP] Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
0	Indian defences are chess openings characterised by the moves: [SEP] Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
0	The Battle of Camlann ( or Brwydr Camlan) is reputed to have been the final battle of King Arthur, in which he either died or was fatally wounded, fighting his enemy Mordred (who was, in some later versions of the tale, his son or his nephew). [SEP] ` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
0	The Lindisfarne Gospels (London, British Library Cotton MS Nero D.IV) is an illuminated manuscript gospel book produced around the year 700 in a monastery off the coast of Northumberland at Lindisfarne and which is now on display in the British Library in London. [SEP] The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
0	The Enneagram of Personality, or simply the Enneagram (from the Greek words ἐννέα [ennea, meaning "nine"] and γράμμα [gramma, meaning something "written" or "drawn" ]), is a model of human personality that is principally understood and taught as a typology of nine interconnected personality types. [SEP] ... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
0	Devils Tower (Lakota: Matȟó Thípila or Ptehé Ǧí, which means "Bear Lodge" and "Brown Buffalo Horn", respectively) is an laccolithic butte composed of igneous rock in the Bear Lodge Mountains (part of the Black Hills) near Hulett and Sundance in Crook County, northeastern Wyoming, above the Belle Fourche River. [SEP] Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
0	There were many events leading to the 1982 Falklands War (Guerra de Malvinas in Spanish) between the United Kingdom and Argentina over possession of the Falkland Islands and South Georgia (Georgia del Sur). [SEP] It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB- .
0	WHATS'On is a professional scheduling software package for broadcasting companies, created by the Belgian company MediaGeniX. [SEP] This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
0	Hiller B. Zobel (born 1932) is an Associate Justice (retired) of the Superior Court of Massachusetts and author or coauthor of several books on various legal topics, including the Boston Massacre and John Adams. [SEP] MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
0	The National Museum of the United States Air Force (formerly the United States Air Force Museum) is the official museum of the United States Air Force located at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, 6 mi northeast of Dayton, Ohio. [SEP] That 's because relatively nothing happens .
0	Perry Barr is an inner-city area in north Birmingham, England. [SEP] No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
0	Wallingford is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. [SEP] Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
0	Martina Navratilova defeated Chris Evert 4–6, 6–3, 6–2 in the final to win the Ladies' Singles tennis title at the 1985 Wimbledon Championships. [SEP] Boyd 's screenplay -LRB- co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies -RRB- has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon .
0	Ronald Frederick "Ronnie" Lane (1 April 1946 – 4 June 1997) was an English musician, songwriter, and producer who is best known as the bass guitarist and founding member of two prominent English rock and roll bands: the Small Faces where he was nicknamed "Plonk" (1965–69), and, after losing the band's frontman, the Faces, with two new members added to the line-up (from the Jeff Beck Group), who dubbed him "Three-Piece" (1969–73). [SEP] There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
0	The Gandhi cap () is a white coloured sidecap, pointed in front and back and having a wide band. [SEP] Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
0	The 76th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored the best films of 2003 and took place on February 29, 2004, at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. [SEP] A moving picture that does not move .
0	In telecommunications, broadband is a wide bandwidth data transmission with an ability to simultaneously transport multiple signals and traffic types. [SEP] Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
0	The Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia is the representative in Australia of the Australian monarch, currently Queen Elizabeth II. [SEP] Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .
0	Vernors is a ginger flavored soft drink and the oldest surviving ginger ale brand in the United States. [SEP] I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .
0	The First Transcontinental Railroad (known originally as the "Pacific Railroad" and later as the "Overland Route") was a contiguous railroad line constructed in the United States between 1863 and 1869 west of the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers to connect the Pacific coast at San Francisco Bay with the existing eastern U.S. rail network at Council Bluffs, Iowa. [SEP] ` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
0	Djibouti is a country in the Horn of Africa. [SEP] ... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
0	Band of Joy (sometimes known as Robert Plant and the Band of Joy) are a rock band from England. [SEP] Is it a comedy ?
0	Valladolid ( or,) is a city in Spain and the de facto capital of the autonomous region of Castile and Leon. [SEP] A cartoon ?
1	This is a list of Prime Ministers of Australia by time in office. [SEP] Yes .
0	Nantong (; former names: Nan-t'ung, Nantung, Tongzhou, or Tungchow; Qihai dialect:) is a prefecture-level city in Jiangsu province, China. [SEP] No. .
0	St Albans, is a city in Hertfordshire, England and the major urban area in the City and District of St Albans. [SEP] And that is where Ararat went astray .
0	"Himnusz" is the official national anthem of Hungary. [SEP] It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
0	Rita Coolidge [SEP] Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
0	Eric Fleming (born Edward Heddy, Jr.; July 4, 1925 – September 28, 1966) was an American actor, known primarily for his role as Gil Favor in the long-running CBS television series Rawhide. [SEP] Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
0	The Stone Age was a broad prehistoric period during which stone was widely used to make implements with an edge, a point, or a percussion surface. [SEP] It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
0	Rebecca Louise Front (born 16 May 1964) is a BAFTA award–winningJennifer Lipman [http://www.thejc.com/news/uk-news/32634/bafta-jewish-actress-rebecca-front "Bafta for Jewish actress Rebecca Front"], The Jewish Chronicle. [SEP] Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
0	The International Standard Book Number (ISBN) is a unique numeric commercial book identifier. [SEP] Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
0	"You're Gonna Hear from Me" is a song written by André Previn and Dory Previn and performed by Andy Williams. [SEP] A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
0	Giants Stadium was a stadium located in East Rutherford, New Jersey, in the Meadowlands Sports Complex. [SEP] Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
0	The Herald of Free Enterprise disaster occurred on 6 March 1987 after the Townsend Thoresen car ferry MS Herald of Free Enterprise left her berth at Zeebrugge, Belgium, with her bow doors open, capsizing soon after leaving the harbour. [SEP] Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
0	A side dish, sometimes referred to as a side order, side item, or simply a side, is a food item that accompanies the entrée or main course at a meal. [SEP] The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
0	Pegasus Airlines () is a Turkish low-cost airline headquartered in the Kurtköy area of Pendik, Istanbul with bases at several Turkish airports. [SEP] The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
0	A gondola is a freestanding fixture used by retailers to display merchandise. [SEP] Average , at best , I 'm afraid .
0	Kate McGarrigle, CM (February 6, 1946 – January 18, 2010)[http://www.cbc.ca/canada/montreal/story/2010/01/19/mcgarrigle-kate-obit.html Obituary at CBC News], January 19, 2010 was a Canadian folk music singer-songwriter, who wrote and performed as a duo with her sister Anna McGarrigle. [SEP] This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
0	Death by boiling was a method of execution in which a person is killed by being immersed in a boiling liquid such as oil or water. [SEP] This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
0	Middle Eastern cuisine is the cuisine of the various countries and peoples of the Middle East. [SEP] Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .
0	A password is a word or string of characters used for user authentication to prove identity or access approval to gain access to a resource (example: an access code is a type of password), which is to be kept secret from those not allowed access. [SEP] In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
0	Michael Thomas "Mike" Pinder (born 27 December 1941, Erdington, Birmingham, England) is an English rock musician, and is a founding member and original keyboard player of the British rock group The Moody Blues. [SEP] The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''
0	The Duchy of Grand Fenwick is a tiny fictional country created by Leonard Wibberley in a series of comedic novels beginning with The Mouse That Roared (1955), which was later made into a film. [SEP] It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
0	This is a list of characters from Disney/Pixar's Toy Story franchise which consists of the animated films Toy Story (released 1995), Toy Story 2 (1999), and Toy Story 3 (2010). [SEP] The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
0	A muselet is a wire cage that fits over the cork of a bottle of champagne, sparkling wine or beer to prevent the cork from emerging under the pressure of the carbonated contents. [SEP] Worthy of the gong .
0	The 1066 Country Walk is a waymarked long-distance footpath or recreational walk in southern England, United Kingdom. [SEP] While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
0	The Tamils ( , or ), also known as Tamilians or Tamilans, are a Dravidian ethnic group who speak Tamil as their mother tongue and trace their ancestry to the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, the Indian Union territory of Puducherry, or the Northern, Eastern Province and Puttalam District of Sri Lanka. [SEP] I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
0	Shalwar kameez, also spelled salwar kameez or shalwar qameez, is a traditional outfit originating in South Asia. [SEP] The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
0	The Eucumbene River, a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment, is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia. [SEP] The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
0	The Downing Street Chief of Staff is the most senior political appointee in the Office of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, acting as a senior aide to the Prime Minister and a powerful, non-ministerial position within the British Government. [SEP] As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .
0	This is a list of notable serial killers, by the country where most of the murders were committed. [SEP] Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
0	In electronics and electrical engineering, a fuse is a type of low resistance resistor that acts as a sacrificial device to provide overcurrent protection, of either the load or source circuit. [SEP] Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
1	Manchester United Football Club was formed in 1878 as Newton Heath LYR Football Club by the Carriage and Wagon department of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway depot at Newton Heath. [SEP] It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
0	John Carradine (born Richmond Reed Carradine; February 5, 1906 – November 27, 1988) was an American actor, best known for his roles in horror films, Westerns and Shakespearean theatre. [SEP] Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
0	The Departed is a 2006 American crime drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by William Monahan. [SEP] That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
0	In geometry, a hypotenuse (alternate spelling: hypothenuse ) is the longest side of a right-angled triangle, the side opposite of the right angle. [SEP] It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
0	#Redirect Saint George and the DragonWaltham Abbey is a market town in Epping Forest District in the southwest of the county of Essex, 24 km NNE of central London. [SEP] A chiller resolutely without chills .
0	"At or with Me" is a song by American singer-songwriter Jack Johnson. [SEP] For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
0	During the Australian gold rushes, significant numbers of workers (both from other areas within Australia and from overseas), relocated to areas in which gold had been discovered. [SEP] The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
0	The University of Oslo (), until 1939 named the Royal Frederick University (), is the oldest university in Norway, located in the Norwegian capital of Oslo. [SEP] `` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
0	Stomatitis is inflammation of the mouth and lips. [SEP] Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
1	Major Sir William Palliser CB MP (18 June 1830 – 4 February 1882) was an Irish-born politician and inventor, Member of Parliament for Taunton from 1880 until his death. [SEP] Drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
0	On March 31, 1854, the or was the first treaty between the United States of America and the Tokugawa Shogunate. [SEP] The whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
0	John Towers CBE (born 30 March 1948) is an English businessman, who was the owner and managing director of Rover Group Ltd from 2000 until the company entered administration in 2005. [SEP] Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
0	Chemotherapy (often abbreviated to chemo and sometimes CTX or CTx) is a category of cancer treatment that uses one or more anti-cancer drugs (chemotherapeutic agents) as part of a standardized chemotherapy regimen. [SEP] It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
0	The Blue Boy (c. 1770) is a full-length portrait in oil by Thomas Gainsborough, now in the Huntington Library, San Marino, California. [SEP] Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
0	This is a list of patron saints of places by national [SEP] If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
0	Grono is a municipality in the district of Moesa in the Italian speaking part of the Swiss canton of Graubünden. [SEP] The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
0	A fire department (United States and Canada) or fire brigade (United Kingdom and Commonwealth) (also known as a fire and rescue service or simply fire service) is a public or private organization that provides predominantly emergency firefighting and rescue services for a specific geographic area, which is typically a municipality, county, or fire protection district. [SEP] ... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
0	The Gulf Stream, together with its northern extension towards Europe, the North Atlantic Drift, is a powerful, warm, and swift Atlantic ocean current that originates in the Gulf of Mexico and stretches to the tip of Florida, and follows the eastern coastlines of the United States and Newfoundland before crossing the Atlantic Ocean. [SEP] This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
0	John Charles Harsanyi (; May 29, 1920 – August 9, 2000) was a Hungarian-American economist and Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences winner. [SEP] Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
1	Nova Scotia (Latin for "New Scotland", pronounced in English as) (French: Nouvelle-Écosse; ) is one of Canada's three Maritime provinces, and one of the four provinces which form Atlantic Canada. [SEP] Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .
0	Encephalartos is a genus of cycad native to Africa. [SEP] None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
0	The peloton (from French, originally meaning 'platoon') is the main group or pack of riders in a road bicycle race. [SEP] The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
0	The Ottawa Islands (Inuit: Arviliit) are a group of uninhabited islands situated in the eastern edge of Canada's Hudson Bay. [SEP] The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
1	Marianna Zorba (; born 1967) is a Greek singer and a music teacher. [SEP] Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
0	Charles Hilary Moore (born 31 October 1956) is an English journalist and a former editor of The Daily Telegraph, The Sunday Telegraph and The Spectator. [SEP] Bad and baffling from the get-go .
0	Excalibur is a 1981 dramatic sword and sorcery film directed, produced and co-written by John Boorman that retells the legend of King Arthur and the knights of the Round Table. [SEP] A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
0	An oxide is a chemical compound that contains at least one oxygen atom and one other element in its chemical formula. [SEP] At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
0	The Genesis Rock is a sample of Moon rock retrieved by Apollo 15 astronauts James Irwin and David Scott in 1971 during their second lunar EVA, at Spur crater. [SEP] Like a can of 2-day old Coke .
0	The Egyptian plover (Pluvianus aegyptius), also known as the crocodile bird, is a wader, the only member of the genus Pluvianus. [SEP] You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
0	The Sorbonne is an edifice of the Latin Quarter, in Paris, France, which was the historical house of the former University of Paris. [SEP] There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
0	This is a list of actors who have appeared in Carry On films. [SEP] But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
0	Birth of a Prince is the third solo studio album by American hip hop musician and Wu-Tang Clan leader RZA. [SEP] It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
0	Racquetball is a racquet sport played with a hollow rubber ball in an indoor or outdoor court. [SEP] Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
0	Lyme disease, also known as Lyme borreliosis, is an infectious disease caused by bacteria of the Borrelia type. [SEP] Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
0	Jean Racine, baptismal name Jean-Baptiste Racine (22 December 1639 - 21 April 1699), was a French dramatist, one of the three great playwrights of 17th-century France (along with Molière and Corneille), and an important literary figure in the Western tradition. [SEP] Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
0	Magnetic declination or variation is the angle on the horizontal plane between magnetic north (the direction the north end of a compass needle points, corresponding to the direction of the Earth's magnetic field lines) and true north (the direction along a meridian towards the geographic North Pole). [SEP] Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?
0	The Prince () is a 16th-century political treatise by the Italian diplomat and political theorist Niccolò Machiavelli. [SEP] A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
0	20,000 Leagues Under the Sea is a 1954 American Technicolor adventure film and the first science fiction film shot in CinemaScope. [SEP] By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
0	Cyan ( or ) is a greenish-blue color. [SEP] Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
0	The University of Northern Virginia (UNVA) was an unaccredited for-profit private undergraduate and graduate university in Annandale, Virginia, The university offered bachelors, Masters and doctoral degrees. [SEP] But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
0	Sargassum is a genus of brown (class Phaeophyceae) macroalgae (seaweed) in the order Fucales. [SEP] It 's one long bore .
0	A sale is the exchange of a commodity or money as the price of a good or a service. [SEP] It gets old quickly .
0	Brass was a British television comedy-drama, made by Granada Television for ITV and eventually Channel 4. [SEP] Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
0	Scuttlebutt in slang usage means rumor or gossip, deriving from the nautical term for the cask used to serve water (or, later, a water fountain). [SEP] It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
0	Ennio Morricone, Grand Officer OMRI (; born 10 November 1928) is an Italian composer, orchestrator, conductor, and former trumpet player. [SEP] ... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
0	Seven Brides for Seven Brothers is a musical with a book by Lawrence Kasha and David Landay, music by Gene de Paul, Al Kasha and Joel Hirschhorn, and lyrics by Johnny Mercer, Al Kasha and Joel Hirschhorn. [SEP] Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source .
0	Canadian Confederation () was the process by which the British colonies of Canada, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick were federally united into one Dominion of Canada on July 1, 1867. [SEP] The movie is a desperate miscalculation .
0	#redirect Seven Pillars of WisdomEvesham (,, or) is a market town and parish in the Wychavon district of Worcestershire, England with a population of 23,576, according to the 2011 census. [SEP] It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
0	Point Barrow or Nuvuk is a headland on the Arctic coast in the U.S. state of Alaska, 9 mi northeast of Barrow. [SEP] We just do n't really care too much about this love story .
0	P Henderson & Company, also known as Paddy Henderson, was a ship owning and management company based in Glasgow, Scotland and operating to Burma. [SEP] In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
0	Curry powder is a spice mix of widely varying composition based on South Asian cuisine. [SEP] The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
0	A peace walk or peace march, sometimes referred to as a peace pilgrimage, is a form of nonviolent action where a person or groups of people march a set distance to raise awareness of particular issues important to the walkers. [SEP] Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
1	Altitude or height (sometimes known as depth) is defined based on the context in which it is used (aviation, geometry, geographical survey, sport, and many more). [SEP] Large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
0	The Game is an American comedy-drama television series created by Mara Brock Akil. [SEP] But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
0	A leotard is a unisex skin-tight one-piece garment that covers the torso but leaves the legs free, made famous by the French acrobatic performer Jules Léotard (1838–1870). [SEP] Feels familiar and tired .
0	Thermophobia (adjective: thermophobic) is intolerance for high temperatures by either inorganic materials or organisms. [SEP] A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
0	Nymphaeaceae is a family of flowering plants. [SEP] Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
1	Natasha Fatale is the secondary antagonist of the 1959-1964 animated cartoons Rocky and His Friends and The Bullwinkle Show, collectively referred to as The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show. [SEP] Criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama .
0	Jurassic Park is a 1990 science fiction novel written by Michael Crichton, divided into seven sections (iterations). [SEP] A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
0	The Nose (, 'Nos'The title in Russian (Нос, "Nos") is the reverse of the Russian word for "dream" (Сон, "Son"). [SEP] A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
0	The 2007 enlargement of the European Union saw Bulgaria and Romania join the European Union (EU) on 1 January 2007. [SEP] It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
0	Pulp magazines (often referred to as "the pulps") are inexpensive fiction magazines that were published from 1896 to the 1950s. [SEP] Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
0	Edith Mary Pargeter, OBE, BEM (28 September 1913 – 14 October 1995), also known by her nom de plume Ellis Peters, was an English author of works in many categories, especially history and historical fiction, and was also honoured for her translations of Czech classics; she is probably best known for her murder mysteries, both historical and modern. [SEP] Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
0	For the Morecambe Bay sand pilot, see Queen's Guide to the Sands. [SEP] An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .
0	Datuk Jimmy Choo, OBE Jimmy Choo Yeang Keat (), (born 15 November 1948) is a Malaysian fashion designer based in the United Kingdom. [SEP] Horrible .
0	Warwickshire County Cricket Club is one of eighteen first-class county clubs within the domestic cricket structure of England and Wales. [SEP] The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
1	This article contains a list of organs of the human body. [SEP] Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .
0	The Stadio delle Alpi was a football and athletics stadium in Turin, Italy and was the home of both Juventus Football Club and Torino Football Club between 1990 and 2006. [SEP] An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
0	James Ramsay MacDonald, FRS (12 October 1866 - 9 November 1937) was a British statesman who was the first Labour Party Prime Minister, leading a Labour Government in 1924, a Labour Government from 1929 to 1931, and a National Government from 1931 to 1935. [SEP] Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
0	Colin's Sandwich was a British sitcom, broadcast on BBC2 in 1988 and 1990, which starred Mel Smith as Colin Watkins, a British Rail administrator who aspired to be a horror writer. [SEP] As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
0	Dieppe is a coastal community in the Arrondissement of Dieppe in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region of northern France. [SEP] The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
0	Roker Park was an English football stadium situated in Roker, Sunderland. [SEP] It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
0	Christopher Charles Collins (August 30, 1949 - June 12, 1994), also known as Chris Latta, was an American actor, voice actor and stand-up comedian, perhaps best known as the voice of Cobra Commander on the G.I. [SEP] ` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
0	Daventry (historically) is a market town in Northamptonshire, England, with a population of 25,026 [http://www.neighbourhood.statistics.gov.uk/dissemination/LeadKeyFigures.do?a3&b [SEP] It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .
0	The Mysterious Affair at Styles is a detective novel by Agatha Christie. [SEP] Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
0	The seventh season of Cheers, an award-winning American television sitcom, originally aired on NBC in the United States between October 27, 1988 and May 4, 1989. [SEP] Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .
0	"Maggie May" is a song written by singer Rod Stewart and Martin Quittenton and recorded by Stewart in 1971 for his album Every Picture Tells a Story. [SEP] The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .
0	Springer Mountain is a mountain located in the Chattahoochee National Forest on the border of Fannin and Gilmer counties. [SEP] This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
0	Racing Stripes is a 2005 American sports comedy-drama family film directed by Frederik Du Chau. [SEP] ... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
0	Othello is a character in Shakespeare's Othello (c. 1601–1604). [SEP] Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .
0	The Arabian oryx or white oryx (Oryx leucoryx) is a medium-sized antelope with a distinct shoulder bump, long, straight horns, and a tufted tail. [SEP] A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
0	The China Syndrome is a 1979 American thriller film that tells the story of a television reporter and her cameraman who discover safety coverups at a nuclear power plant. [SEP] It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
0	The Heart Ache EP is the first release by Jesu. [SEP] ... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
0	What the Dickens? [SEP] This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
0	The following lists contain musical instruments, categorized according to the Hornbostel-Sachs system by how they make sound. [SEP] Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
0	Out of the Silent Planet is a science fiction novel by the British author C. S. Lewis, published in 1938 by John Lane, The Bodley Head. [SEP] It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
0	SM UB-47 was a Type UB II submarine or U-boat for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. UB-47 was sold to the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during the war. [SEP] Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
0	A court is a tribunal, often as governmental institution, with the authority to adjudicate legal disputes between parties and carry out the administration of justice in civil, criminal, and administrative matters in accordance with the rule of law. [SEP] It 's Splash without the jokes .
0	For the World War II civilian internment camp at Weifang see Weihsien Compound. [SEP] The Château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
0	Ramy Mohamed Ashour () (born September 30, 1987, in Cairo, Egypt) is a professional squash player from Egypt. [SEP] Shallow , noisy and pretentious .
0	Rumours is the eleventh studio album by the British-American rock band Fleetwood Mac. [SEP] Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
0	In economics, a public good is a good that is both non-excludable and non-rivalrous in that individuals cannot be effectively excluded from use and where use by one individual does not reduce availability to others. [SEP] This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
1	For the theatre adaptation, see Shakespeare in Love (play). [SEP] It 's better than The Phantom Menace .
0	Avro was a British aircraft manufacturer founded in 1910 whose designs include the Avro 504 used as a trainer in the First World War, the Avro Lancaster, one of the pre-eminent bombers of the Second World War, and the delta wing Avro Vulcan, a stalwart of the Cold War. [SEP] But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
0	The history of the kingdom of Portugal and the Algarves, from the First Treaty of San Ildefonso and the beginning of the reign of Queen Maria I in 1777, to the end of the Liberal Wars in 1834, spans a complex historical period in which several important political and military events led to the end of the absolutist regime and to the installation of a constitutional monarchy in the country. [SEP] Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
0	Hirsutism is the excessive hairiness on women in those parts of the body where terminal hair normally is absent or minimal, such as a beard or chest hair. [SEP] A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .
0	The Boys from Brazil may refer to: [SEP] Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
0	Football hooliganism is unruly, violent, and destructive behaviour by overzealous supporters of association football clubs, including brawling, vandalism and intimidation. [SEP] Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .
0	Appleby-in-Westmorland is a village and civil parish in Cumbria, in North West England. [SEP] Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
0	A linear equation is an algebraic equation in which each term is either a constant or the product of a constant and (the first power of) a single variable. [SEP] A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
1	Cragside is a country house in the civil parish of Cartington, near Rothbury in Northumberland, England. [SEP] I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
0	Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro, (, born 5 February 1985) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Portugal national team. [SEP] Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
0	Bernard William Jewry (27 September 1942 – 23 October 2014), known professionally as Shane Fenton and later as Alvin Stardust, was an English rock singer and stage actor. [SEP] Two hours of junk .
0	Sarah Catharine Paulson (born December 17, 1974) is an American actress. [SEP] A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
0	Thomas Alva Edison (February 11, 1847 – October 18, 1931) was an American inventor and businessman. [SEP] The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -LRB- it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial .
0	Casper (Lakota: Pahášaša Otȟúŋwahe; "Red Hill City") is a city in and the county seat of Natrona County, Wyoming, United States. [SEP] What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
0	The Addled Parliament was the second Parliament of England of the reign of James I of England (following his 1604-11 Parliament), which sat between 5 April and 7 June 1614. [SEP] The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard -LRB- which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB- is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered .
0	, originally short for Service Games and officially styled as SEGA, is a Japanese multinational video game developer and publisher headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, with multiple offices around the world. [SEP] ... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
0	Cauliflower ear (complication of hematoma auris, perichondrial hematoma, or traumatic auricular hematoma) is a condition that occurs when the external portion of the ear suffers a blow, blood clot or other collection of fluid under the perichondrium. [SEP] The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
0	Sandy Cape is the most northern point on Fraser Island off the coast of Queensland, Australia. [SEP] Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
0	"Around the World" was the theme tune from the 1956 movie Around the World in 80 Days In the film, only an instrumental version of the song appeared, although the vocal version has become by far the better known one. [SEP] It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
0	Cinema of France refers to the film industry based in France. [SEP] This picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
0	The Blue Riband is an unofficial accolade given to the passenger liner crossing the Atlantic Ocean westbound in regular service with the record highest speed. [SEP] But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
1	"Bad, Bad Leroy Brown" is a song written by American folk rock singer Jim Croce. [SEP] Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
0	Codex Sinaiticus (, ; Shelfmarks and references: London, Brit. [SEP] A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
0	The Fabulous Freebirds were a professional wrestling tag team that attained fame in the 1980s, performing into the 1990s. [SEP] Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
0	Kenneth Leith Halliwell (23 June 1926 – 9 August 1967) was a British actor, writer and collagist. [SEP] It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
0	La Forestière is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.The Delbeck Champagne house was established in 1832 by Félix-Désiré Delbeck in Reims. [SEP] The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
0	Fever Pitch: A Fan's Life is a 1992 autobiographical essay by British author Nick Hornby. [SEP] The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
0	An abrasive is a material, often a mineral, that is used to shape or finish a workpiece through rubbing which leads to part of the workpiece being worn away by friction. [SEP] An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
0	Criss Angel: Mindfreak is an American reality TV show that aired on A&E from 2005 to 2010. [SEP] Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
0	Torchwood is a British science fiction television programme created by Russell T Davies. [SEP] Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
0	Air Pacific Limited, trading as Fiji Airways (and formerly as Air Pacific), is the flag carrier airline of Fiji. [SEP] Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
0	"Sinatra Doctrine" was the name that the Soviet government of Mikhail Gorbachev used jokingly to describe its policy of allowing neighboring Warsaw Pact states to determine their own internal affairs. [SEP] Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
0	This is an episode list of the British sitcom Steptoe and Son. [SEP] Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
0	The World Chess Championship 2014 was a match between the world champion Magnus Carlsen and challenger Viswanathan Anand, to determine the World Chess Champion. [SEP] Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .
0	The 1959 FA Cup Final was contested by Nottingham Forest and Luton Town at Wembley. [SEP] Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
0	Lee Valley VeloPark is a cycling centre on Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, East London. [SEP] The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
0	The 2000 UEFA Cup Final was a football match that took place on 17 May 2000 at Parken Stadium in Copenhagen, Denmark to decide the winner of the 1999–2000 UEFA Cup. [SEP] With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
0	Emanuel Swedenborg (; ; born Emanuel Swedberg on 29 January 1688; died 29 March 1772) was a Swedish scientist, philosopher, theologian, revelator, and mystic. [SEP] It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
0	First Blood is a 1982 American action adventure film directed by Ted Kotcheff. [SEP] Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
0	Strip clubs are venues that regularly provide adult entertainment, predominantly in the form of striptease or other erotic or exotic dances. [SEP] Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
0	The United Province of Canada, or Province of Canada, or the United Canadas was a British colony in North America from 1841 to 1867. [SEP] Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
0	Michael Benjamin Bay (born February 17, 1965) is an American filmmaker known for directing and producing big-budget action films characterized by fast cutting, stylistic visuals and extensive use of special effects, including frequent depiction of explosions. [SEP] It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
0	Cabo Pulmo is a national marine park on the east coast of Mexico's Baja California Peninsula, Pulmo Point to Los Frailes Cape, approximately 60 miles (100 km) north of Cabo San Lucas. [SEP] For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
0	"On Ilkla Moor Baht 'at" or "On Ilkla Moor bar tat" (Standard English: On Ilkley Moor without a hat) is a folk song from Yorkshire, England. [SEP] Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
0	Joan I (14 January 1273 – 31 March/2 April 1305), the daughter of King Henry I of Navarre and Blanche of Artois, reigned as queen regnant of Navarre and also served as queen consort to Philip IV of France. [SEP] Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
1	Erectile dysfunction (ED) or impotence is sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual activity in humans. [SEP] As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
0	Anna Kay Faris (; born November 29, 1976) is an American actress and producer. [SEP] Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
0	"Angel" is a song by Jamaican reggae artist Shaggy featuring Rayvon. [SEP] With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
0	This is a list of caves in the United Kingdom, including information on the largest and deepest caves in the UK. [SEP] He fails .
0	The , officially named , is a multi-purpose stadium located in Lisbon, Portugal. [SEP] A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
0	This is a list of terrorist attacks in France in peacetime from 1800to the present. [SEP] Goes on and on to the point of nausea .
0	Arteixo (, is a municipality in the province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain. [SEP] By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
0	La Madeleine de Corps, Inc., operating as La Madeleine, is a restaurant chain of 75 locations (as of 2013) in the U.S. states of Georgia, Kentucky, Florida, Louisiana, Maryland, Oklahoma, Texas, Arkansas, and Virginia. [SEP] Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
0	Newry (; ) is a city in Northern Ireland, 34 mi from Belfast and 67 mi from Dublin. [SEP] One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
0	This is a list of people and fictional characters who had severe injuries, or died from accidents related to horses. [SEP] The comedy is nonexistent .
0	The Moonshine War is a 1970 American criminal comedy-drama film directed by Richard Quine, based on the novel of the same name by Elmore Leonard. [SEP] ... a bland , pretentious mess .
0	Livingston Football Club, is a Scottish football club based in Livingston, West Lothian. [SEP] It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
0	Grete Waitz (née Andersen, 1 October 1953 – 19 April 2011) was a Norwegian marathon runner and former world record holder. [SEP] A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
0	St. [SEP] It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
0	Originally, the name Rus’ (Русь, Rus) referred to the people, regions, and medieval states (ninth to twelfth centuries) of the Kievan Rus'. [SEP] If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
0	The following is a timeline of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) history. [SEP] Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
0	This is a list of breakfast cereals. [SEP] This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
0	In Greek mythology, Gaia ( or from Ancient Greek , a poetical form of Γῆ Gē, "land" or "earth" ) also spelled Gaea, is the personification of the Earth and one of the Greek primordial deities. [SEP] Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
0	A shieldmaiden (, , , , ) in Scandinavian folklore and mythology was a woman who had chosen to fight as a warrior. [SEP] It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
0	"King of Wishful Thinking" is a 1990 song by the British pop band Go West. [SEP] Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
0	The Vectis National Party was a minor political party operating on the Isle of Wight in the United Kingdom in the early 1970s. [SEP] Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
0	Longstone is small settlement on the island of St Mary's, the largest of the Isles of Scilly, England. [SEP] To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
0	Naiad ( or ; ), also known as Neptune III, is the innermost satellite of Neptune, named after the Naiads of Greek legend. [SEP] The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
0	Terry Ann "Teri" Garr (born December 11, 1947) is an American actress, comedian, dancer, and voice artist. [SEP] Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
0	The Federalist (later known as The Federalist Papers) is a collection of 85 articles and essays written (under the pseudonym Publius) by Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, and John Jay promoting the ratification of the United States Constitution. [SEP] The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
0	Biggleswade is a market town and civil parish located on the River Ivel in Bedfordshire, England. [SEP] This dubious product of a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs .
0	In geometry, a cubeEnglish cube from Old French is a three-dimensional solid object bounded by six square faces, facets or sides, with three meeting at each vertex. [SEP] The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
0	Airbus SAS (,,,) is a division of the multinational Airbus Group SE that manufactures civil aircraft. [SEP] After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
1	Burin from the French burin meaning "cold chisel" has two specialised meanings for types of tools in English, one meaning a steel cutting tool which is the essential tool of engraving, and the other, in archaeology, meaning a special type of lithic flake with a chisel-like edge which was probably also used for engraving, or for carving wood or bone. [SEP] As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program , Frida gets the job done .
0	Buffy Sainte-Marie, OC (born Beverly Sainte-Marie, February 20, 1941) is a Native Canadian singer-songwriter, musician, composer, visual artist, educator, pacifist, and social activist. [SEP] With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
0	The architecture of Finland has a history spanning over 800 years, and while up until the modern era the architecture was strongly influenced by currents from Finland's two respective neighbouring ruling nations, Sweden and Russia, from the early 19th century onwards influences came directly from further afield; first when itinerant foreign architects took up positions in the country and then when the Finnish architect profession became established. [SEP] Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
0	In quantum physics, a bound state describes a system where a particle is subject to a potential such that the particle has a tendency to remain localised in one or more regions of space. [SEP] Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
0	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is the fifth novel in the Harry Potter series, written by J. K. Rowling. [SEP] Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
0	Tiwanaku ( or ) is a Pre-Columbian archaeological site in western Bolivia. [SEP] It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
0	A brooch is a decorative jewellery item designed to be attached to garments, often to hold them closed. [SEP] The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
0	James Hargreaves (c. 1720 – 22 April 1778) was a weaver, carpenter and inventor in Lancashire, England. [SEP] One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
0	Animal Aid, founded in 1977 by Mr Pink, is a British animal rights organisation. [SEP] ... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
0	Compulsive behavior is defined as performing an act persistently and repetitively without it necessarily leading to an actual reward or pleasure. [SEP] The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
0	The Federalist Party or First Hamiltonian Party, was the first American political party. [SEP] As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
0	Mount Merapi, Gunung Merapi (literally Fire Mountain in Indonesian and Javanese), is an active stratovolcano located on the border between Central Java and Yogyakarta, Indonesia. [SEP] This is a truly , truly bad movie .
0	A narrative or story is any report of connected events, real or imaginary, presented in a sequence of written or spoken words, and/or still or moving images. [SEP] Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
0	Newcastle Brown Ale is a brown ale, originally produced in Newcastle upon Tyne, but now brewed by Heineken at the John Smith's Brewery in Tadcaster, North Yorkshire. [SEP] What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
0	The Gibson Desert, an interim Australian bioregion, covers a large dry area in the state of Western Australia and is still largely in an almost "pristine" state. [SEP] Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
0	The Daleks are a fictional extraterrestrial race of mutants principally portrayed in the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who. [SEP] Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
0	Kung Fu is an American action-adventure martial arts western drama television series starring David Carradine. [SEP] The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
0	Robert Carlyle, OBE (born 14 April 1961) is a Scottish actor. [SEP] Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
0	Salamander is a Belgian drama television series that was first broadcast on Eén on December 30, 2012. [SEP] ... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
0	Anthropomorphism is the attribution of human traits, emotions, and intentions to non-human entities and is considered to be an innate tendency of human psychology. [SEP] Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
0	Capestang is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France. [SEP] Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
0	James "Jay" McGuiness (born 24 July 1990) is a British singer, songwriter and dancer, best known as a vocalist with boy band The Wanted. [SEP] Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
0	The 2011–12 La Liga season (known as the Liga BBVA for sponsorship reasons) was the 81st season of the top level Spanish association football competition. [SEP] Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?
1	Center (C) is a position in American football and Canadian football (in the latter the position is spelled centre, following Commonwealth spelling conventions). [SEP] -- but certainly hard to hate .
0	The Miller Brewing Company is an American beer brewing company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, owned by SABMiller. [SEP] A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
0	Chenille may refer to either a type of yarn or fabric made from it. [SEP] - greaseballs mob action-comedy .
0	Susanthika Jayasinghe (; Tamil: சுசந்திகா ஜயசிங்ஹ) (born December 17, 1975) is Sri Lankan sprint athlete specializing in the 100 and 200 metres. [SEP] Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .
0	The limbs of the horse are structures made of dozens of bones, joints, muscles, tendons and ligaments that support the weight of the equine body. [SEP] The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
1	The Caspian Sea is the largest enclosed inland body of water on Earth by area, variously classed as the world's largest lake or a full-fledged sea. [SEP] The film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
0	A veil is an article of clothing or cloth hanging that is intended to cover some part of the head or face, or an object of some significance. [SEP] Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .
0	Stilton is an English cheese, produced in two varieties: Blue, known for its characteristic strong smell and taste, and the lesser-known White. [SEP] In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .
0	Squeeze are a British band, that came to prominence in the United Kingdom during the new wave period of the late 1970s, and continued recording successfully in the 1980s and 1990s. [SEP] On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
0	Bishop's Stortford is a historic market town and civil parish in the East Hertfordshire district of the county of Hertfordshire in England. [SEP] He 's not good with people .
0	CenturyLink Field is a multi-purpose stadium in Seattle, Washington, United States. [SEP] Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
0	The Twilight Zone is an American television anthology series created by Rod Serling. [SEP] -LRB- Stevens is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
0	A state visit is a formal visit by a head of state to a foreign country, at the invitation of that country's head of state, with the latter also acting as the official host for the duration of the state visit. [SEP] So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
0	#Redirect Stained glassFor films named Northanger Abbey, see Northanger Abbey (1986 film) or Northanger Abbey (2007 film). [SEP] One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .
0	HMP Isle of Wight – Parkhurst Barracks is a prison situated in Parkhurst on the Isle of Wight, operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service. [SEP] Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
1	The French overseas collectivities ( or COM), like the French regions, are first-order administrative divisions of France. [SEP] He has a great cast and a great idea .
0	The Niagara River ( ) is a river that flows north from Lake Erie to Lake Ontario. [SEP] It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
0	The Tales of Beedle the Bard is a book of children's stories by British author J. K. Rowling. [SEP] When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
0	The Arbroath smokie is a type of smoked haddock – a speciality of the town of Arbroath in Angus, Scotland. [SEP] An overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .
0	The square foot (plural square feet; abbreviated ft2 or sq ft) is an imperial unit and U.S. customary unit (non-SI, non-metric) of area, used mainly in the United States and partially in Canada, United Kingdom, Ghana, Hong Kong, Bangladesh, India and Pakistan. [SEP] Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
0	Interactive fiction, often abbreviated IF, is software simulating environments in which players use text commands to control characters and influence the environment. [SEP] Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
1	A gift or a present is an item given to someone without the expectation of payment. [SEP] This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .
0	The Washington Wizards are an American professional basketball team based in Washington, D.C.. [SEP] ` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
0	Glass recycling is the process of waste glass into usable products. [SEP] A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
0	A landlocked state in the United States is any state whose territorial boundaries do not touch an ocean. [SEP] Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .
0	Caroline Matilda of Great Britain (; 22 July 1751 – 10 May 1775) was Queen of Denmark and Norway from 1766 to 1775 as the wife of King Christian VII. [SEP] Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
1	In baseball, an at bat (AB) or time at bat is a batter's turn batting against a pitcher. [SEP] Amidst the action , the script carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
0	Dwarfing is a process in which a breed or cultivar of plants and animals is changed to become significantly smaller than standard members of their species. [SEP] Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
0	' (lit. [SEP] Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
0	Arthur Terence Galt MacDermot (born December 18, 1928) is a Canadian-American composer, pianist and writer of musical theatre. [SEP] Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
0	The City of Melbourne is a local government area in Victoria, Australia, located in the central city area of Melbourne. [SEP] Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
0	Sportklub Rapid Wien, often called Rapid Vienna in English, is an Austrian football club playing in the country's capital city of Vienna. [SEP] The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
0	Linda Green is a British television comedy-drama series that lasted for two series, screened in 2001 and 2002. [SEP] A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
0	White City Stadium (originally The Great Stadium) was built in White City, London, for the 1908 Summer Olympics and is often seen as the precursor to the modern seater stadium and noted for hosting the finish of the first modern distance marathon. [SEP] The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
0	Skids is the name used for four characters in the Transformers Universes. [SEP] A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
0	Phyllis Dorothy James, Baroness James of Holland Park, (3 August 1920 – 27 November 2014), known as P. D. James, was an English crime writer. [SEP] While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
0	Treasure trove is an amount of money or coin, gold, silver, plate, or bullion found hidden underground or in places such as cellars or attics, where the treasure seems old enough for it to be presumed that the true owner is dead and the heirs undiscoverable. [SEP] The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
0	Derek Raymond Pringle (born 18 September 1958, Nairobi, Kenya) is an English former Test and ODI cricketer for England, and is now a cricket journalist. [SEP] The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
0	The compilation album Radio 1 Established 1967 is a collection of covers especially recorded for Radio 1 by a number of artists. [SEP] One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
0	This is a glossary of Sudoku terms and jargon. [SEP] Includes too much obvious padding .
0	Skagboys is a 2012 novel by Scottish writer Irvine Welsh. [SEP] There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
0	is an essential condiment used in Japanese cuisine. [SEP] I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
0	Melvin Jerome "Mel" Blanc (May 30, 1908 – July 10, 1989) was an American voice actor, actor, radio comedian, and recording artist. [SEP] The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
0	The Bronze Age is a time period characterized by the use of bronze, proto-writing, and other early features of urban civilization. [SEP] Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
0	In cricket, a five-wicket haul (also known as a "five–for" or "fifer") refers to a bowler taking five or more wickets in a single innings. [SEP] Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
0	The Platte River is a major river in the state of Nebraska and is about 310 mi long. [SEP] Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
0	Donald Jay Fagen (born January 10, 1948 ) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and co-founder of the band Steely Dan. [SEP] Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .
0	Jennifer Grey (born March 26, 1960) is an American actress. [SEP] The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
0	The history of photography has roots in remote antiquity with the discovery of the principle of the camera obscura (a dark room) and the observation that some substances are visibly altered by exposure to light. [SEP] Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
0	Karen Gay Silkwood (February 19, 1946 – November 13, 1974) was an American chemical technician and labor union activist known for raising concerns about corporate practices related to health and safety of workers in a nuclear facility. [SEP] The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
0	Barry Fitzgerald (10 March 1888 – 14 January 1961) was an Irish stage, film and television actor. [SEP] The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
1	Kaiser Chiefs are an English indie rock band from Leeds who formed in 2000 as Parva, releasing one studio album, 22, in 2003, before renaming and establishing themselves in their current name that same year. [SEP] Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
0	Kim Weston (born December 20, 1939) is an American soul singer, and Motown alumna. [SEP] While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
0	The Mam are an indigenous people in the western highlands of Guatemala and in south-western Mexico who speak the Mam language. [SEP] They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
0	The okapi (Okapia johnstoni), is a giraffid artiodactyl mammal native to the northeast of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Central Africa. [SEP] But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
0	Waddingtons was a publisher of card and board games in the United Kingdom. [SEP] It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
0	The Midland Revolt was a popular uprising which took place in the Midlands of England in 1607. [SEP] Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .
0	Electromagnetic or Magnetic induction is the production of an electromotive force or voltage across an electrical conductor due to its dynamic interaction with a magnetic field. [SEP] A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
0	Ranunculaceae (buttercup or crowfoot family; Latin rānunculus "little frog", from rāna "frog") are a family of 2346 known species of flowering plants in 43 genera, distributed worldwide. [SEP] It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
0	The 2015 FA Community Shield (also known as the 2015 FA Community Shield supported by McDonald's for sponsorship reasons) was the 93rd FA Community Shield, an annual English football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup. [SEP] A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
0	The College of William & Mary in Virginia (also known as William & Mary, or W&M) is a public research university located in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States. [SEP] The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
0	Fidei defensor (feminine: Fidei defensatrix) is a Latin title which translates to Defender of the Faith in English and Défenseur de la Foi in French. [SEP] They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
1	Acrylic paint is a fast-drying paint made of pigment suspended in acrylic polymer emulsion. [SEP] , `` They 're out there ! ''
0	A bruise, or contusion, is a type of hematoma of tissue in which capillaries and sometimes venules are damaged by trauma, allowing blood to seep, hemorrhage, or extravasate into the surrounding interstitial tissues. [SEP] Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
0	E & J Gallo Winery is a winery and distributor headquartered in Modesto, California. [SEP] Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
0	The Blue Mountains is a mountainous region and a mountain range located in New South Wales, Australia. [SEP] The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
0	The National Front (,, FN) is a socially conservative, nationalist political party in France. [SEP] I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .
0	The French invasion of Russia, known in Russia as the Patriotic War of 1812 () and in France as the Russian Campaign (), began on 24 June 1812 when Napoleon's crossed the Neman River in an attempt to engage and defeat the Russian army. [SEP] It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
0	Chopsticks are shaped pairs of equal length sticks that were first invented in ancient Imperial China and have been used as the traditional ancient kitchen and eating utensils in virtually all of East Asia and Southeast Asia for over nine thousand years. [SEP] The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
0	Baca County is the southeasternmost of the 64 counties in the U.S. state of Colorado. [SEP] Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .
0	As a means of recording the passage of time, the 13th century was that century which lasted from 1201 through 1300 in accordance with the Julian calendar in the Common Era. [SEP] Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .
0	Vivisection () is surgery conducted for experimental purposes on a living organism, typically animals with a central nervous system, to view living internal structure. [SEP] Video games are more involving than this mess .
0	Sean Murphy (born March 21, 1964) is a former backstroke swimmer from Canada, who competed for six years on the Canadian national swimming team, setting several national records. [SEP] A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .
0	The Intolerable Acts were the American Patriots' term for a series of punitive laws passed by the British Parliament in 1774 after the Boston Tea party. [SEP] ... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
0	Schabziger or sapsago is traditional cheese exclusively produced in the Canton of Glarus in Switzerland. [SEP] Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
0	The Lady of the Lake is a narrative poem by Sir Walter Scott, first published in 1810. [SEP] A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
0	Sildenafil, sold as Viagra and other trade names, is a medication used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary arterial hypertension. [SEP] The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .
1	Cosmicomics is a collection of twelve short stories by Italo Calvino first published in Italian in 1965 and in English in 1968. [SEP] Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
0	Peaches Honeyblossom Geldof-Cohen (13 March 1989 – 6 or 7 April 2014) was an English writer, television personality, and model. [SEP] A mess .
0	The M1 Abrams is an American third-generation main battle tank. [SEP] The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
0	Michael van Gerwen (born 25 April 1989 in Boxtel) is a Dutch professional darts player currently ranked world number one. [SEP] The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
1	The common hippopotamus (Hippopotamus amphibius), or hippo, is a large, mostly herbivorous mammal in sub-Saharan Africa, and one of only two extant species in the family Hippopotamidae, the other being the pygmy hippopotamus (Choeropsis liberiensis or Hexaprotodon liberiensis). [SEP] Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
1	John Ross "J. R." Ewing, Jr. (1939-2013) is a fictional character in the U.S. television series Dallas (1978–91) and its spin-offs, including the revived Dallas series (2012–14). [SEP] Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never were .
0	A belt is a flexible band or strap, typically made of leather or heavy cloth, and worn around the waist. [SEP] Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
0	The Man Between (also known as Berlin Story) is a 1953 British thriller film directed by Carol Reed and starring James Mason, Claire Bloom, Hildegard Knef and Geoffrey Toone. [SEP] In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
0	The Spectator is a weekly British conservative magazine. [SEP] Thumbs down .
0	George Burns (born Nathan Birnbaum; January 20, 1896 - March 9, 1996) was an American comedian, actor, singer, and writer. [SEP] The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .
0	Chrystabel Leighton-Porter (1913 – 2000) was the model for the Second World War Daily Mirror newspaper cartoon heroine Jane which boosted morale during the Blitz. [SEP] ... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
0	A loblolly boy on a warship was an assistant to the ship's surgeon. [SEP] The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
1	Computer World (German: Computerwelt) is the eighth studio album by German electronic music band Kraftwerk, released on 10 May 1981. [SEP] Now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .
0	George Gershwin (; September 26, 1898 July 11, 1937) was an American composer and pianist. [SEP] A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
1	John Wilkes (17 October 1725 – 26 December 1797) was an English radical, journalist, and politician. [SEP] A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
0	A musical instrument is an instrument created or adapted to make musical sounds. [SEP] If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
0	Victor of Aveyron (c. 1788 – 1828) was a French feral child who was found at the age of around twelve (he was going through puberty, and the doctors could only assume his age at the time). [SEP] Too predictably , in fact .
0	"If My Friends Could See Me Now", with music by Cy Coleman and lyrics by Dorothy Fields, is a number from the 1966 Broadway musical Sweet Charity. [SEP] Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .
0	The Warsaw Ghetto Uprising (; ; ) was the 1943 act of Jewish resistance that arose within the Warsaw Ghetto in German-occupied Poland during World War II, and which opposed Nazi Germany's final effort to transport the remaining Ghetto population to Treblinka. [SEP] This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
0	Piano blues is a catch-all term for blues genres that are structured around the piano as the primary musical instrument. [SEP] An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
0	Grenada (; ) is an island country consisting of Grenada itself and six smaller islands at the southern end of the Grenadines in the southeastern Caribbean Sea. [SEP] More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
0	Chan (; of ), from Sanskrit dhyāna, meaning "meditation" or "meditative state") is a school of Mahāyāna Buddhism combined with Taoism. [SEP] Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
0	Kobe Doin' Work is a 2009 documentary film directed by Spike Lee. [SEP] The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
0	The peony is a flowering plant in the genus Paeonia, the only genus in the family Paeoniaceae. [SEP] Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
0	Eddie, also known as Eddie the Head, is the mascot for the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. [SEP] Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
0	Tonga ( or; Tongan: Puleʻanga Fakatuʻi ʻo Tonga), officially the Kingdom of Tonga, is a Polynesian sovereign state and archipelago comprising 169 islands of which 36 are inhabited. [SEP] Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
1	The Alphabet Murders is a British detective film based on the novel The A.B.C. [SEP] A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
0	Bedford is the county town of Bedfordshire, England. [SEP] The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
0	In geometry, an icosagon or 20-gon is a twenty-sided polygon. [SEP] Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .
0	Honing is an abrasive machining process that produces a precision surface on a metal workpiece by scrubbing an abrasive stone against it along a controlled path. [SEP] What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
0	Joanne Valda "Jo" O'Meara (born 29 April 1979) is an English singer-songwriter, television personality and actress. [SEP] If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
0	Antlers are extensions of the skull grown by members of the deer family. [SEP] A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
0	Trafford Park is an area of the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford, in Greater Manchester, England. [SEP] Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .
1	Nelson's Column is a monument in Trafalgar Square in central London built to commemorate Admiral Horatio Nelson, who died at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805. [SEP] Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
0	Wayne Perske (born 7 July 1974) is an Australian professional golfer. [SEP] Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .
0	Nashville is the capital of the U.S. state of Tennessee and the county seat of Davidson County. [SEP] Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
0	Rotten Row is a broad track running for 1384 m along the south side of Hyde Park in London. [SEP] It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .
1	Personal pronouns are pronouns that are associated primarily with a particular grammatical person – first person (as I), second person (as you), or third person (as he, she, it). [SEP] Nicholas Nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me -LRB- horrors ! -RRB-
0	Eastleigh is a suburb of Nairobi, Kenya. [SEP] Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
0	The Austin Motor Company Limited was an English manufacturer of motor vehicles, founded in 1905 by Herbert Austin. [SEP] Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !
0	The Concept of Mind is a 1949 book by philosopher Gilbert Ryle, in which Ryle argues that "mind" is "a philosophical illusion hailing chiefly from René Descartes and sustained by logical errors and 'category mistakes' which have become habitual." [SEP] is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
0	Fiji ( ; Fiji Hindi: फ़िजी), officially the Republic of Fiji (; ), is an island country in Melanesia in the South Pacific Ocean about 1100 nmi northeast of New Zealand's North Island. [SEP] May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
0	The Summer Palace (), is a vast ensemble of lakes, gardens and palaces in Beijing, China. [SEP] There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
0	Manx (native name or , pronounced or), also known as Manx Gaelic, and also historically spelt Manks, is a Goidelic Celtic language of the Indo-European language family, historically spoken by the Manx people. [SEP] Where 's the movie here ?
0	Eleanor Emily Hodgman Porter (December 19, 1868 – May 21, 1920) was an American novelist. [SEP] Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
0	This is a list of the mammal species recorded in Finland. [SEP] Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
0	Everybody Loves Raymond is an American television sitcom starring Ray Romano, Patricia Heaton, Brad Garrett, Doris Roberts, Peter Boyle, Madylin Sweeten, and Monica Horan. [SEP] Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block .
0	The King of Iraq (Arabic: ملك العراق, Mālik al-‘Irāq) was Iraq's head of state and monarch from 1921 to 1958. [SEP] Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
0	Katherine Kelly (born 19 November 1979) is an English actress. [SEP] It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
0	Jacques Cartier (; December 31, 1491 - September 1, 1557) was a French explorer of Breton origin who claimed what is now Canada for France. [SEP] In the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 . ''
0	Lancelot Victor Edward Pinard (March 24, 1902 – March 12, 2001) was a calypso singer and actor who used the name Sir Lancelot. [SEP] ... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
1	Gender is the range of characteristics pertaining to, and differentiating between and from masculinity and femininity. [SEP] I 'm guessing the director is a magician .
0	The Roaring Twenties is a term for society and culture in the 1920s in the Western world. [SEP] After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
0	Edward Grey, 1st Viscount Grey of Fallodon, KG PC DL FZS (25 April 1862 – 7 September 1933), better known as Sir Edward Grey, 3rd Baronet, was a British Liberal statesman. [SEP] An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
0	The 1984 Democratic presidential primaries were the selection process by which voters of the Democratic Party chose its nominee for President of the United States in the 1984 U.S. presidential election. [SEP] In its own way , Joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
0	The BBC Sports Personality Team of the Year Award is an award given annually as part of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year ceremony each December. [SEP] an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .
0	Animal Farm is an allegorical and dystopian novella by George Orwell, first published in England on 17 August 1945. [SEP] If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
0	Traffic congestion is a condition on transport networks that occurs as use increases, and is characterized by slower speeds, longer trip times, and increased vehicular queueing. [SEP] The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
0	Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, usually known simply as the Privy Council, is a formal body of advisers to the Sovereign of the United Kingdom. [SEP] Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
0	Murder, She Wrote is an American crime drama television series starring Angela Lansbury as mystery writer and amateur detective Jessica Fletcher. [SEP] ... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
1	This is a list of characters appearing in the Winnie-the-Pooh books and the Disney adaptations of the series. [SEP] Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
0	Eutelsat S.A. is a French-based satellite provider. [SEP] Both deserve better .
0	Vasoconstriction is the narrowing of the blood vessels resulting from contraction of the muscular wall of the vessels, in particular the large arteries and small arterioles. [SEP] -- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
0	This is a list of the largest urban agglomerations in Africa. [SEP] Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
0	The Epistle of Paul and Timothy to the Philippians, often referred to simply as Philippians, is the eleventh book in the New Testament. [SEP] I do n't think so .
0	"Desdemona" is a song by the English cult band John's Children. [SEP] Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
0	John Charles Lodge (born 20 July 1945) is an English musician, best known as bass guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter of the longstanding rock group, The Moody Blues. [SEP] Not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
0	The Donald Duck universe is a fictional shared universe which is the setting of stories involving Disney cartoon character Donald Duck, as well as Huey, Dewey, and Louie, Scrooge McDuck, and many other characters. [SEP] Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
0	The vulva (, plural vulvae or vulvas) consists of the external genital organs of a woman. [SEP] A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
0	The Cerne Abbas Giant is a hill figure near the village of Cerne Abbas in Dorset, England. [SEP] The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
0	Miu Miu is an Italian high fashion women's clothing and accessory brand and a fully owned subsidiary of Prada. [SEP] What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .
0	Richard Carvel is a historical novel by the American novelist Winston Churchill. [SEP] ... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .
0	The Confederation of African Football (CAF,; ; ) is the administrative and controlling body for African association football. [SEP] If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''
0	A queen regnant (plural: queens regnant) is a female monarch who reigns in her own right, in contrast to a queen consort, who is the wife of a reigning king, or a queen regent, who is the guardian of a child monarch reigning temporarily in their stead. [SEP] or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
0	The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to physics: [SEP] The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
0	Katie Walsh (born 18 December 1984) is an Irish jockey who, in 2012, came third in that year's Grand National on Seabass, giving her the highest finish for a female competitor. [SEP] The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
0	Syracuse University, commonly referred to as Syracuse, 'Cuse, or SU, is a private research university in Syracuse, New York. [SEP] First-time director João Pedro Rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
0	Postcolonialism or postcolonial studies is an academic discipline that analyzes, explains, and responds to the cultural legacy of colonialism and imperialism. [SEP] `` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
0	"Just Say No" was an advertising campaign, part of the U.S. "War on Drugs", prevalent during the 1980s and early 1990s, to discourage children from engaging in illegal recreational drug use by offering various ways of saying no. [SEP] ` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
0	John Russell, 4th Duke of Bedford (30 September 17105 January 1771) was an 18th-century British statesman. [SEP] Too bad .
0	Frânceşti is a commune located in Vâlcea County, Romania. [SEP] Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents
0	Anthony Steven "Tony" Crane (born 8 September 1982) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender, midfielder and makeshift centre forward from 1999 to 2009. [SEP] Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .
0	Whitebred Shorthorn is a British type of beef cattle originating in north west England and south west Scotland. [SEP] No thanks .
0	Mad Max is a 1979 Australian dystopian action film directed by George Miller, produced by Byron Kennedy, and starring Mel Gibson as "Mad" Max Rockatansky, Joanne Samuel, Hugh Keays-Byrne, Steve Bisley, Tim Burns, and Roger Ward. [SEP] Wewannour money back , actually .
0	Bernard Cribbins, OBE (born 29 December 1928) is an English character actor, voice-over artist and musical comedian with a career spanning over seventy years. [SEP] Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
0	A strike is a term used in bowling to indicate that all of the pins have been knocked down with the first ball of a frame. [SEP] Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
0	Cabo Pulmo is a national marine park on the east coast of Mexico's Baja California Peninsula, Pulmo Point to Los Frailes Cape, approximately 60 miles (100 km) north of Cabo San Lucas. [SEP] The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
0	Enceladus (pronounced) is the sixth-largest moon of Saturn. [SEP] Any rock pile will do for a set .
0	The Decameron (From the Greek: δέκα - ten & μέρα - day) (Italian: Decameron or Decamerone), subtitled Prince Galehaut (Old ), is a collection of novellas by the 14th-century Italian author Giovanni Boccaccio (1313–1375). [SEP] Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
0	The lats (plural: lati (2–9) latu (10 and more)), ISO 4217 currency code: LVL or 428) was the currency of Latvia until it was replaced by the euro on 1 January 2014. [SEP] Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
0	The harmonica, also known as a French harp or mouth organ, is a free reed wind instrument used worldwide in many musical genres, notably in blues, American folk music, classical music, jazz, country, and rock and roll. [SEP] I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
0	Blackmail is an act, often a crime, involving unjustified threats to make a gain (commonly money or property) or cause loss to another unless a demand is met. [SEP] It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
0	Scunthorpe United Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire, England. [SEP] Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
0	A DVD player is a device that plays discs produced under both the DVD-Video and DVD-Audio technical standards, two different and incompatible standards. [SEP] A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
0	A corporation is a company or group of people authorized to act as a single entity (legally a person) and recognized as such in law. [SEP] The movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
0	Nicolás Gabriel Sánchez (born 4 February 1986) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a centre back for Racing Club. [SEP] Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
0	The 1999 World Snooker Championship (also referred to as the 1999 Embassy World Snooker Championship for the purposes of sponsorship) was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place between 17 April–3 May 1999 at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield, England. [SEP] ... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
0	Königsberg (until 1946 officially: Königsberg in Preußen) was a city in the monastic state of the Teutonic Knights, the Duchy of Prussia, the Kingdom of Prussia and Germany until 1946. [SEP] It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
0	Mercury (; Latin: Mercurius ) is a major Roman god, being one of the Dii Consentes within the ancient Roman pantheon. [SEP] Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .
0	Wild type (WT) refers to the phenotype of the typical form of a species as it occurs in nature. [SEP] At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
0	The AMC Gremlin is an American subcompact automobile introduced in 1970 engineered and manufactured and marketed in a single, two-door body style in America (1970-1978) by American Motors Corporation (AMC) — as well as in Mexico (1974-1978) by AMC's Vehículos Automotores Mexicanos (VAM) subsidiary. [SEP] ... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
0	Scapa Flow viewed from its eastern end in June 2009 [SEP] A DOA dud from frame one .
0	Barbara Havers is a fictional detective in The Inspector Lynley series created by American mystery author Elizabeth George. [SEP] Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
1	Fort Christina (later renamed Fort Altena; ) was the first Swedish settlement in North America and the principal settlement of the New Sweden colony. [SEP] There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
0	The compound 2-chlorobenzalmalononitrile (also called o-chlorobenzylidene malononitrile) (chemical formula: C10H5ClN2), a cyanocarbon, is the defining component of a tear gas commonly referred to as CS gas, which is used as a riot control agent. [SEP] Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
0	Gross tonnage (often abbreviated as GT, G.T. [SEP] First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .
0	This is a list of world's fairs, a comprehensive chronological list of world's fairs (with notable permanent buildings built). [SEP] Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
0	Charles Simonyi (,; born September 10, 1948), son of Károly Simonyi, is a Hungarian-born American computer programmer, businessman and space tourist. [SEP] Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
0	Quito, formally San Francisco de Quito, is the capital city of Ecuador, and at an elevation of 9350 ft above sea level, it is the highest official capital city in the world. [SEP] The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
0	Northern Canada, colloquially the North, is the vast northernmost region of Canada variously defined by geography and politics. [SEP] A predictable , manipulative stinker .
0	Northumberland is a town located in southwestern Coos County, New Hampshire, U.S., north of Lancaster. [SEP] The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
1	Champagne Charlie is a 1944 British musical film directed by Alberto Cavalcanti and loosely based on the rivalry between the popular music hall performers George Leybourne (born Joe Saunders), who was called "Champagne Charlie" because he was the first artist to perform the song of that title, and Alfred Vance, who was known as "The Great Vance". [SEP] It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
0	Tarzan (John Clayton, Viscount Greystoke) is a fictional character, an archetypal feral child raised in the African jungles by the Mangani great apes; he later experiences civilization only to largely reject it and return to the wild as a heroic adventurer. [SEP] The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
0	Jean-François Millet (; October 4, 1814 – January 20, 1875) was a French painter and one of the founders of the Barbizon school in rural France. [SEP] It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
1	The Two Gentlemen of Verona is a comedy by William Shakespeare, believed to have been written between 1589 and 1593. [SEP] An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
0	Events from the 10th century in the Kingdom of England. [SEP] once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
0	USS Utah (BB-31/AG-16) was the second and final member of the of dreadnought battleships. [SEP] What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .
1	Jennifer "Jennie" Bond (born 19 August 1950) is an English journalist and television presenter. [SEP] No doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
0	Youngberry is a complex hybrid between three different species from the genus Rubus, the raspberries, blackberries, and dewberries of the rose family. [SEP] Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
0	The Belgrade Theatre is a live performance venue seating 858 and situated in Coventry, England. [SEP] Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
0	Nagaland is a state in Northeast India. [SEP] A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
1	A transmission is a machine in a power transmission system, which provides controlled application of the power. [SEP] Got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length .
0	An earthworm is a tube-shaped, segmented worm found in the phylum Annelida. [SEP] A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .
0	South African contract law is ‘essentially a modernised version of the Roman-Dutch law of contract’, which is itself rooted in canon and Roman laws. [SEP] Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
0	Made in America is a 1993 comedy film released on May 28, 1993 by Warner Bros. starring Whoopi Goldberg and Ted Danson, and featuring Nia Long, Jennifer Tilly and Will Smith. [SEP] I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
0	Whiskers or vibrissae (; singular: vibrissa;) are a type of mammalian hair that are typically characterised, anatomically, by their large size, large and well-innervated hair follicle and by having an identifiable representation in the somatosensory cortex of the brain. [SEP] Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
0	The kazoo is a musical instrument that adds a "buzzing" timbral quality to a player's voice when the player vocalizes into it. [SEP] Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
0	"Don't Cha" is a song by American girl group The Pussycat Dolls from their debut studio album PCD (2005). [SEP] One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
0	The willow ptarmigan (Lagopus lagopus) is a bird in the grouse subfamily Tetraoninae of the pheasant family Phasianidae. [SEP] Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
0	Scoville may refer to: [SEP] A selection of scenes in search of a movie .
0	Giorgio Armani S.p.A. is an Italian fashion house founded by Giorgio Armani which designs, manufactures, distributes and retails haute couture, ready-to-wear, leather goods, shoes, watches, jewelry, accessories, eyewear, cosmetics and home interiors. [SEP] -LRB- Janey -RRB- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
0	The cotton-top tamarin (Saguinus oedipus) is a small New World monkey weighing less than . [SEP] Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
0	Breakfast at Tiffany's is a 1961 American romantic comedy film directed by Blake Edwards and written by George Axelrod, loosely based on Truman Capote's novella of the same name. [SEP] True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
0	Squires Gate is a district and an electoral ward in the South Shore area of Blackpool on the Fylde coast in the county of Lancashire, England. [SEP] -LRB- Evans is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
0	An observatory is a location used for observing terrestrial or celestial events. [SEP] The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
0	Texas Senate Bill 5 (or Texas SB 5) is a bill that was created on June 11, 2013, and was discussed during the First Special Session of the Eighty-third Texas Legislature and was signed into law by Governor Rick Perry on July 18, 2013. [SEP] Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
0	Batting average is a statistic in cricket, baseball, and softball that measures the performance of batsmen in cricket and batters in baseball. [SEP] A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
0	Richard George Green (born 19 February 1971) is an Australian professional golfer. [SEP] Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .
0	"Pretty Flamingo" is a song written by Mark Barkan, which became a hit in 1966 when Manfred Mann's recording of it was released as a single. [SEP] As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
0	Thomas Hopper Alderson GC (15 September 1903 – 28 October 1965) was the first person to be directly awarded the George Cross shortly after its creation in 1940. [SEP] Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
0	Love Me or Leave Me is a 1955 biographical romantic musical drama film which tells the life story of Ruth Etting, a singer who rose from dancer to movie star. [SEP] Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
0	--> [SEP] The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
0	Vasily Vasilevich Kamensky (; – November 11, 1961) was a Russian Futurist poet, playwright, and artist as well as one of the first Russian aviators. [SEP] While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
0	James William "Jimmy" Somerville (born 22 June 1961) is a Scottish pop singer and songwriter. [SEP] Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
0	Damon Slye (born June 15, 1962) is a computer game designer, director, and programmer. [SEP] A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
0	Rock Band is a series of music video games developed by Harmonix and MTV Games, and distributed by Electronic Arts for the Nintendo DS, iOS, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PSP, Wii, Xbox One and Xbox 360 game systems. [SEP] It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?
0	Sydney (Kingsford Smith) Airport (colloquially Mascot Airport, Kingsford Smith Airport, or Sydney Airport; ; ) is an international airport located 8 km (5 mi) south of Sydney city centre, in the suburb of Mascot. [SEP] This is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .
0	Yakutsk (; , Cokúskay,) is the capital city of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located about 450 km south of the Arctic Circle. [SEP] The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
0	Mustelus also known as the smooth-hounds is a genus of sharks in the family Triakidae. [SEP] I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
0	The mineral olivine is a magnesium iron silicate with the formula (Mg+2, Fe+2)2SiO4. [SEP] If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
0	The Quebec Nordiques were an ice hockey team who played in both the National Hockey League (NHL) and the World Hockey Association (WHA). [SEP] This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .
0	Formula One automobile racing has its roots in the European Grand Prix championships of the 1920s and 1930s. [SEP] Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
0	Stefan Kendal Gordy (born September 3, 1975), better known by his stage name Redfoo, is an American rapper, dancer, record producer, DJ and singer best known as part of the musical duo LMFAO. [SEP] I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
0	Jules Amedée François Maigret, simply Jules Maigret or Maigret to most people, including his wife, is a fictional French police detective, actually a commissaire or commissioner of the Paris "Brigade Criminelle" (Direction Régionale de Police Judiciaire de Paris), created by writer Georges Simenon. [SEP] The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
0	Father Ted is a sitcom produced by independent production company Hat Trick Productions for British broadcaster Channel 4, running for three series and a special from 21 April 1995 until 1 May 1998 over 25 episodes. [SEP] Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .
0	A geodesic dome is a hemispherical thin-shell structure (lattice-shell) based on a network of geodesics (great circles) on the surface of a sphere or a hemisphere. [SEP] But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
1	Caspar Willard "Cap" Weinberger (August 18, 1917 – March 28, 2006), was an American politician and businessman. [SEP] I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
0	Scrapheap Challenge is an engineering game show produced by RDF Media and broadcast on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom. [SEP] is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
0	The vault is an artistic gymnastics apparatus on which gymnasts perform, as well as the skill performed using that apparatus. [SEP] This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
0	The Pacific Science Center is a science museum located in Seattle, Washington and designed by Minoru Yamasaki for the 1962 World’s Fair in Seattle. [SEP] Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
0	In the human body, the cuboid bone is one of the seven tarsal bones of the foot. [SEP] It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
0	The Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA), commonly known as Fannie Mae, is a government-sponsored enterprise (GSE) and, since 1968, a publicly traded company. [SEP] A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
0	The 2004 Equatorial Guinea coup d'état attempt, also known as the Wonga coup, was a coup attempt against the government of Equatorial Guinea in order to replace President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo with exiled opposition politician Severo Moto, carried out by mercenaries and organised by mainly British financiers. [SEP] It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
0	Beef Wellington is a preparation of fillet steak coated with pâté (often pâté de foie gras) and duxelles, which is then wrapped in puff pastry and baked. [SEP] Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''
0	Mark Trevor "Horse" Bourneville (born 30 June 1963 in New Zealand) is a former rugby league player. [SEP] The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
0	Antony and Cleopatra (Italian: Marcantonio e Cleopatra) is a 1913 Italian silent historical film directed by Enrico Guazzoni and starring Gianna Terribili-Gonzales, Amleto Novelli and Ignazio Lupi. [SEP] It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
0	HM Prison Pentonville (informally "The Ville") is a Category B/C men's prison, operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service. [SEP] Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
0	Kris Saknussemm is a cult novelist and multimedia artist. [SEP] Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
0	Ole Kirk Christiansen (7 April 1891 – 11 March 1958) was the founder of the Danish construction toy company the Lego Group. [SEP] For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
0	Hungarian is the official language of Hungary and one of the 24 official languages of the European Union. [SEP] A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
0	A knife (plural knives) is a tool with a cutting edge or blade, hand-held or otherwise, with most having a handle. [SEP] Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
1	The Whitworth Art Gallery is an art museum in Manchester, England, containing about 55,000 items in its collection. [SEP] Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
0	Electrostatics is a branch of physics that deals with the phenomena and properties of stationary or slow-moving electric charges. [SEP] Originality is sorely lacking .
1	James Andrew Eric Phelps and Oliver Martyn John Phelps (born 25 February 1986) are identical twin British actors, best known for playing identical twins, Fred and George Weasley in the Harry Potter film series. [SEP] But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
0	Three Men and a Baby is a 1987 American comedy film directed by Leonard Nimoy, and stars Tom Selleck, Steve Guttenberg, Ted Danson and Nancy Travis. [SEP] Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
0	Ernest "Ernie" Isley (born March 7, 1952) is a member of the American musical ensemble, The Isley Brothers. [SEP] For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
0	The list of shipwrecks in 1927 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1927. [SEP] There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
0	Hardboiled (or hard-boiled) fiction is a literary genre that shares some of its characters and settings with crime fiction (especially detective stories). [SEP] Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
0	is a Japanese dish of seafood or vegetables that have been battered and deep fried. [SEP] I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
0	An electrical insulator is a material whose internal electric charges do not flow freely, and therefore make it nearly impossible to conduct an electric current under the influence of an electric field. [SEP] It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
0	Mstislav Leopoldovich "Slava" Rostropovich (, Mstislav Leopol'dovič Rostropovič,; 27 March 192727 April 2007) was a Soviet and Russian cellist and conductor. [SEP] -LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .
0	Events [SEP] Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
0	The Visitors' Gallery, formally known as the Strangers' Gallery, is set aside for members of the public at the British House of Commons, and is intended for both invited and uninvited members of the public to watch the proceedings of the House. [SEP] Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
0	The Hunting of the Snark (An Agony in 8 Fits) is typically categorized as a nonsense poem written by Lewis Carroll, the pen name of Charles Lutwidge Dodgson. [SEP] Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
0	Transformers: Age of Extinction (or simply Transformers 4) is a 2014 American-Chinese 3D science fiction action film based on the Transformers franchise. [SEP] The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
0	The Tasmanian Grey is a polled beef breed of silver grey, grey or dun cattle developed in Tasmania, Australia, in the 1930s. [SEP] It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
0	Jae-bum Takata (born March 15, 1977), known professionally as Brian Tee, is a Japanese American actor, best known for his role as D.K. [SEP] This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
0	St Thomas's Abbey (or the Königskloster) is an Augustinian church located in Brno in the Czech Republic. [SEP] Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
0	Meconium is the earliest stool of a mammalian infant. [SEP] Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
0	The Battle of Blood River (; ) is the name given for the battle fought between 470 Voortrekkers ("Pioneers"), led by Andries Pretorius, and an estimated 15,000–21,000 Zulu attackers on the bank of the Ncome River on 16 December 1838, in what is today KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. [SEP] Every note rings false .
0	Australia entered World War II shortly after the invasion of Poland, declaring war on Germany on 3 September 1939. [SEP] When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
0	.au is the internet country code for Australia. [SEP] It never rises to its clever what-if concept .
0	Bridgeville is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States. [SEP] This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
0	is a Japanese automotive manufacturer headquartered in Toyota, Aichi, Japan. [SEP] This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .
0	Virgin Atlantic, a trade name of Virgin Atlantic Airways Limited, is a British airline with its head office in Crawley, United Kingdom. [SEP] The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
0	Inuktitut (; Inuktitut, syllabics ; from inuk person + -titut like, in the manner of), also Eastern Canadian Inuktitut or Eastern Canadian Inuit, is one of the principal Inuit languages of Canada. [SEP] About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
0	Regulation of gene expression includes a wide range of mechanisms that are used by cells to increase or decrease the production of specific gene products (protein or RNA), and is informally termed gene regulation. [SEP] A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
0	The House of Commons is the lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. [SEP] -LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
1	An alcázar is a type of Moorish castle or palace in Spain and Portugal built during Muslim rule, although some were founded by Christians. [SEP] The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious .
0	Eyeless In Gaza are an English musical duo of Martyn Bates and Peter Becker, based in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. [SEP] El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .
1	Not to be confused with volcanic island. [SEP] Interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of Carmen
1	In several forms of football a forward pass is a throwing of the ball in the direction that the offensive team is trying to move, towards the defensive team's goal line. [SEP] A serious movie with serious ideas .
0	The short-snouted seahorse (Hippocampus hippocampus) is a species of seahorse in the family Syngnathidae. [SEP] But seriously , folks , it does n't work .
0	Greenwich (,, or )) is an early-established district of today's London, England, centred 5.5 miles (8.9 km) east south-east of Charing Cross. [SEP] There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
0	is a Japanese public multinational corporation primarily known as a manufacturer of automobiles, motorcycles and power equipment. [SEP] The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
0	The Persuaders! [SEP] I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
0	Paddington Bear is a fictional character in children's literature. [SEP] What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
0	Weta (plural weta) is the common name for a group of about 70 insect species in the families Anostostomatidae and Rhaphidophoridae, endemic to New Zealand. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
0	Lexicography is divided into two separate but equally important groups: [SEP] Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
0	Mariano Rajoy Brey (; born 27 March 1955) is a Spanish politician who is the acting Prime Minister of Spain. [SEP] It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
0	Salting is the preservation of food with dry edible salt. [SEP] I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
0	Gertrude Baines (April 6, 1894 – September 11, 2009) was an American supercentenarian, who became the oldest recognized living person according to Guinness World Records (upon the death of Portuguese woman Maria de Jesus) on January 2, 2009, until her own death on September 11, 2009, at the age of 115 years 158 days. [SEP] The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
0	Hemp or industrial hemp (from Old English hænep), typically found in the northern hemisphere, is a variety of the Cannabis sativa plant species that is grown specifically for the industrial uses of its derived products. [SEP] The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
0	Happy Gilmore is a 1996 American sports comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan with music by Mark Mothersbaugh and produced by Robert Simonds. [SEP] Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .
0	The Sandman is an American comic book series written by Neil Gaiman and published by DC Comics imprint Vertigo. [SEP] There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
0	Cybernetics is a transdisciplinary approach for exploring regulatory systems, their structures, constraints, and possibilities. [SEP] It drowns in sap .
1	The University of Bologna (, UNIBO), founded in 1088, was the first university and is the oldest in the world. [SEP] Deliberately and devotedly constructed , Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
0	The limbic system is a set of brain structures located on both sides of the thalamus, immediately underneath the cerebrum. [SEP] It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
0	The perihelion is the point in the orbit of a planet, minor planet, or comet, where it is nearest to its point of orbit, generally a star. [SEP] I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
0	In Greek mythology, the Amazons (, ', singular , ') were a race of woman warriors. [SEP] There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
0	The Hardy Boyz (also known as The Hardys, The Hardyz or Team Xtreme) were a professional wrestling tag team, consisting of real-life brothers Jeff and Matt Hardy. [SEP] The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
1	Free immersion (FIM) is an AIDA International freediving discipline in which the freediver dives under water without the use of propulsion equipment, but only by pulling on the rope during descent and ascent. [SEP] Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB- , the movie is powerful and provocative .
0	Ming the Merciless is a character who first appeared in the Flash Gordon comic strip in 1934. [SEP] It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
0	Sir Richard Steele (bap. [SEP] Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
0	"Walk like a Panther" is a song by the All Seeing I with vocals from Tony Christie. [SEP] Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
0	Ramsay Street is the fictional cul-de-sac in which the characters of the Australian soap opera Neighbours live. [SEP] The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
0	The English Greyhound Derby is the most prestigious race on the British greyhound racing calendar, with a history stretching back to 1927. [SEP] With its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
0	Richard Edward Geoffrey Howe, Baron Howe of Aberavon, (20 December 1926 – 9 October 2015), known from 1970 to 1992 as Sir Geoffrey Howe, was a British Conservative politician. [SEP] Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
0	A wire is a single, usually cylindrical, flexible strand or rod of metal. [SEP] A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
0	Authors' Club Best First Novel Award is awarded by the Authors' Club to the most promising first novel of the year, written by a British author and published in the UK during the calendar year preceding the year in which the award is presented. [SEP] The material and the production itself are little more than routine .
0	Oxbow is a Canadian town in the southeast of the province of Saskatchewan. [SEP] The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
0	The Seven Ancient Wonders (The Seven Deadly Wonders in the United States of America) is a book written by the Australian author Matthew Reilly in 2005. [SEP] Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
0	A songwriter is an individual who writes the lyrics, melodies and chord progressions for songs, typically for a popular music genre such as pop music or country music. [SEP] It 's all surface psychodramatics .
0	Shafal Mosed is a Yemeni-American who grew up in the suburbs of Buffalo, New York. [SEP] The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
0	The contras (some references use the capitalized form, "Contras") is a label given to the various U.S.-backed and funded right-wing rebel groups that were active from 1979 to the early 1990s in opposition to the left-wing, socialist Sandinista Junta of National Reconstruction government in Nicaragua. [SEP] That frenetic spectacle -LRB- on the TV show -RRB- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .
0	There are 26 States in Brazil, or Estados in Portuguese, which are the federal states of Brazil, plus the Federal District which holds the national capital, Brasília. [SEP] Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
0	Durrës, historically also known as Durazzo and Dyrrachium, is the second largest city and a municipality of Albania. [SEP] For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
0	Andromeda is one of the 48 constellations listed by the 2nd-century Greco-Roman astronomer Ptolemy and remains one of the 88 modern constellations. [SEP] Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
0	Trix is a brand of breakfast cereal made by General Mills in Minneapolis, Minnesota, for the North American market and by Cereal Partners (using the Nestlé brand) elsewhere in the world. [SEP] Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
0	The Cornish Pirates () are a professional rugby union team who play in the Championship, the second level of the English rugby union pyramid, and are the premier Cornish rugby club. [SEP] An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
0	Every Man for Himself is the third album by Hoobastank. [SEP] too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
0	Victory in Europe Day, generally known as V-E Day, VE Day or simply V Day was the public holiday celebrated on 8 May 1945 (7 May in Commonwealth realms) to mark the formal acceptance by the Allies of World War II of Nazi Germany's unconditional surrender of its armed forces. [SEP] There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
0	Humphrey of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Gloucester, 1st Earl of Pembroke, KG (3 October 1390 – 23 February 1447) was an English nobleman. [SEP] Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
0	US Airways was a major American airline that ceased to exist on October 17, 2015, after merging with American Airlines. [SEP] -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .
0	Superman II is a 1980 British-American superhero film directed by Richard Lester, based on the DC Comics character Superman. [SEP] Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
0	The Batman comic strip began a few years after the creation of the comic book Batman. [SEP] A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
0	Electrical resistivity (also known as resistivity, specific electrical resistance, or volume resistivity) is an intrinsic property that quantifies how strongly a given material opposes the flow of electric current. [SEP] Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .
0	In general usage, a thesaurus is a reference work that lists words grouped together according to similarity of meaning (containing synonyms and sometimes antonyms), in contrast to a dictionary, which provides definitions for words, and generally lists them in alphabetical order. [SEP] The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
0	Jim'll Fix It was a long-running British television show, broadcast by the BBC between May 1975 and June 1994. [SEP] Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
0	The U.S. [SEP] It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .
0	Telstar: The Joe Meek Story is a 2008 film adaptation of James Hicks' and Nick Moran's play Telstar, about record producer Joe Meek, which opened at the New Ambassadors Theatre in London’s West End in June 2005. [SEP] Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .
0	A music box or musical box is an automatic musical instrument that produces sounds by the use of a set of pins placed on a revolving cylinder or disc so as to pluck the tuned teeth (or lamellae) of a steel comb. [SEP] SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
0	AFC Bournemouth is a professional association football club based in Bournemouth, Dorset, that plays in the Premier League, the top tier of the English football league system. [SEP] Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
1	HMS Ark Royal (pennant number 91) was an aircraft carrier of the Royal Navy that served during the Second World War. [SEP] It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
0	Thomas Geoffrey "Tom" Wilkinson (born 5 February 1948)Born January–March 1948, according to the Births, Marriages & Deaths Index of England & Wales, 1916–2005. [SEP] Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
1	Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American musician and actor. [SEP] There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .
0	Jacques-Yves Cousteau (; commonly known in English as Jacques Cousteau; 11 June 1910 – 25 June 1997) was a French naval officer, explorer, conservationist, filmmaker, innovator, scientist, photographer, author and researcher who studied the sea and all forms of life in water. [SEP] Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
0	Brainiac: Science Abuse (often shortened to simply Brainiac or Brainiacs) is a British entertainment documentary show that aired on Sky One from 13 November 2003 to 30 March 2008. [SEP] This franchise has not spawned a single good film .
0	Malcolm Stevenson Forbes (19 August 1919 – 24 February 1990) was an American entrepreneur most prominently known as the publisher of Forbes magazine, founded by his father B. C. Forbes. [SEP] The crap continues .
0	Sir John Theodore Houghton (born 30 December 1931) is a Welsh scientist who was the co-chair of the Nobel Peace Prize winning Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's (IPCC) scientific assessment working group. [SEP] Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .
1	Ralph Rexford Bellamy (June 17, 1904 – November 29, 1991) was an American actor whose career spanned 62 years on stage, screen and television. [SEP] High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
0	Sister Act is a 1992 American comedy film released by Touchstone Pictures. [SEP] Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
0	Benedict Timothy Carlton Cumberbatch CBE (born 19 July 1976) is an English actor and film producer who has performed in film, television, theatre and radio. [SEP] One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
0	The Secret of Association is the second album by the English singer Paul Young. [SEP] When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
0	Zachary "Zack" Taylor is a fictional character in the Power Rangers universe, appearing in the television series Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. [SEP] Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
0	The Hindhead Tunnel, opened in 2011, is part of the dual-carriageway Hindhead bypass that replaced one of the last remaining stretches of single-carriageway on the 68 mi A3, the London to Portsmouth road. [SEP] The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
0	The history of the camera can be traced much further back than the introduction of photography. [SEP] I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
0	Veronica Guerin (5 July 1958 – 26 June 1996) was an Irish crime reporter who was murdered by drug lords. [SEP] A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
0	The Mosque–Cathedral of Córdoba (), also known as the Great Mosque of Córdoba (), whose ecclesiastical name is the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption (), is the Catholic cathedral of the Diocese of Córdoba dedicated to the Assumption of the Virgin Mary and located in the Spanish region of Andalusia. [SEP] The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
0	The Hama massacre () occurred in February 1982, when the Syrian Arab Army and the Defense Companies, under the orders of the country's president Hafez al-Assad, besieged the town of Hama for 27 days in order to quell an uprising by the Muslim Brotherhood against al-Assad's government.Fisk 2010MEMRI 2002 The massacre, carried out by the Syrian Army under commanding General Rifaat al-Assad, effectively ended the campaign begun in 1976 by Sunni Muslim groups, including the Muslim Brotherhood, against the government. [SEP] Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
0	Chun Kuk Do (, CKD) is a Korean-based, American hybrid martial art style. [SEP] This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
0	A benefit concert or charity concert is a type of musical benefit performance (e.g., concert, show, or gala) featuring musicians, comedians, or other performers that is held for a charitable purpose, often directed at a specific and immediate humanitarian crisis. [SEP] Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
0	Walter R. Roberts was a writer, lecturer, and former government official. [SEP] Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
0	George Charles Devol, Jr. (February 20, 1912 – August 11, 2011) was an American inventor who was awarded the patent for Unimate, the first industrial robot. [SEP] An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
0	The Milford Track is a widely known tramping (hiking) route in New Zealand – located amidst mountains and temperate rain forest in Fiordland National Park in the southwest of the South Island. [SEP] A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
0	Richard Bernard Murdoch (6 April 1907 - 9 October 1990) was a British actor and entertainer. [SEP] A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .
0	Joseph Cyril Bamford CBE (21 June 1916 – 1 March 2001) was a British businessman, who was the founder of the JCB company, manufacturing heavy plant. [SEP] Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
0	Ireland (; ), also known as the Republic of Ireland ('), is a sovereign state in north-western Europe occupying about five-sixths of the island of Ireland. [SEP] The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
0	The couter (also spelled "cowter") is the defense for the elbow in a piece of plate armour. [SEP] Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
0	Darren Barr Fletcher (born 1 February 1984) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a central midfielder and captains West Bromwich Albion and the Scotland national team. [SEP] Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
0	Artemisinin, also known as qinghao su (), and its semi-synthetic derivatives are a group of drugs that possess the most rapid action of all current drugs against Plasmodium falciparum malaria. [SEP] While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
0	The Romanian leu, Romanian Lion (, plural lei; ISO 4217 code RON; numeric code 946) is the currency of Romania. [SEP] It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
0	"Mr. Raffles (Man, It Was Mean)" is a song by British rock band Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel, released as the second and final single from the band's album The Best Years of Our Lives in 1975. [SEP] Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
0	The Reverend Dr. James Edward Cleveland (December 5, 1931 – February 9, 1991) was a gospel singer, musician, and composer. [SEP] Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
0	The Ayyubid dynasty ( '; ') was a Muslim dynasty of Kurdish origin, founded by Saladin and centered in Egypt. [SEP] The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
0	In human anatomy, the thoracic diaphragm, or simply the diaphragm (), is a sheet of internal skeletal muscle that extends across the bottom of the thoracic cavity. [SEP] Lacks dramatic punch and depth .
0	Prayer has been an essential part of Christianity since its earliest days. [SEP] I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
0	The Rugby World Cup host nation is selected by the International Rugby Board (IRB) at a special meeting six years in advance of the tournament. [SEP] Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
0	The Rockwell Automation Headquarters is an office building located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. [SEP] Make like the title and dodge this one .
0	"The Power of Love" is a song co-written and originally recorded by Jennifer Rush in 1984. [SEP] This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
0	The Lego Movie (stylized as The LEGO Movie) is a 2014 3D computer-animated adventure-comedy film directed and written by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, from a story by Dan and Kevin Hageman, as well as Lord and Miller, and produced by Dan Lin and Roy Lee. [SEP] The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
0	Patsy's is a well-known, family-owned and operated Neapolitan cuisine restaurant located at 236 West 56th Street (between Broadway and Eighth Avenue), Manhattan, in New York City's Theater District. [SEP] Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
0	A mirage is a naturally occurring optical phenomenon in which light rays are bent to produce a displaced image of distant objects or the sky. [SEP] -LRB- Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
0	Capacitance is the ability of a body to store an electrical charge. [SEP] No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
0	Robert "Robin" Leigh-Pemberton, Baron Kingsdown, (5 January 1926 – 24 November 2013) was a British Peer and banker, who served as Governor of the Bank of England from 1983 to 1993. [SEP] A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
0	Clacton-on-Sea is the largest town in the Tendring peninsula and district in Essex, England, and was founded as an urban district in 1871. [SEP] Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
0	The Corn Refiners Association (CRA) is a trade association based in Washington, D.C. and representing the corn refining industry in the United States. [SEP] Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
0	The Northrop (later Northrop Grumman) B-2 Spirit, also known as the Stealth Bomber, is an American heavy penetration strategic bomber, featuring low observable stealth technology designed for penetrating dense anti-aircraft defenses; it is a flying wing design with a crew of two. [SEP] A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .
0	Petra (Arabic: البتراء, Al-Batrāʾ; Ancient Greek: Πέτρα), originally known as Raqmu to the Nabataeans, is a historical and archaeological city in southern Jordan. [SEP] An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
0	This is an incomplete list of fictional astronauts appearing in various media, including books, film, television shows (live or animated), radio shows, records, and comic books. [SEP] The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
0	The 2015 edition of the Canadian Polaris Music Prize was presented on September 21, 2015 at The Carlu event theatre in Toronto, Ontario. [SEP] Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
0	Guangzhou (), historically romanised as Canton, is the capital and largest city of Guangdong Province in southeastern China. [SEP] Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
0	The Free Territory ( vilna terytoriya; svobodnaya territoriya) or Makhnovia ( Makhnovshchyna) was an attempt to form a stateless anarchist society during the Ukrainian Revolution. [SEP] This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
1	In cricket, the batting order is the sequence in which batsmen play through their team's innings, there always being two batsmen taking part at any one time. [SEP] Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .
0	The color robin egg blue is displayed at right. [SEP] Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
0	An anti-personnel weapon is one primarily used to incapacitate people, as opposed to attacking structures or vehicles, or hunting game. [SEP] It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .
0	In positional astronomy, two celestial bodies are said to be in opposition when they are on opposite sides of the sky, viewed from a given place (usually Earth). [SEP] Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible
0	The Names are a post-punk band from Brussels (Belgium), formed in 1978 around bassist, vocalist and songwriter Michel Sordinia. [SEP] Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
0	The Shadow Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change is a post in the Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet. [SEP] Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
0	Rupert James Hector Everett (; born 29 May 1959) is an English actor and writer. [SEP] Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
0	The Russia House is a 1990 American spy film directed by Fred Schepisi. [SEP] ... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
0	Opium is an Oriental-spicy perfume created for fashion brand Yves Saint Laurent (YSL) by perfumer Jean Amic and Jean-Louis Sieuzac of Roure, first marketed in 1977. [SEP] A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
0	"I Fought the Law" is a song written by Sonny Curtis of the Crickets and popularized by a remake by the Bobby Fuller Four, which went on to become a top-ten hit for the band in 1966 and was also recorded by the Clash in 1979. [SEP] Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
0	Dunder Mifflin Paper Company, Inc. is a paper sales company featured in the United States television series The Office. [SEP] Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
0	A spur is a metal tool designed to be worn in pairs on the heels of riding boots for the purpose of directing a horse to move forward or laterally while riding. [SEP] A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
1	Curaçao ( ) is a liqueur flavored with the dried peel of the laraha citrus fruit, grown on the island of Curaçao. [SEP] Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
1	BBC Television is a service of the British Broadcasting Corporation. [SEP] It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
0	The sovereignty of Canada is a major cultural matter in Canada. [SEP] A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
0	Madness are an English ska band from Camden Town, London, that formed in 1976. [SEP] ... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
0	The French Republican Calendar (), also commonly called the French Revolutionary Calendar (calendrier révolutionnaire français), was a calendar created and implemented during the French Revolution, and used by the French government for about 12 years from late 1793 to 1805, and for 18 days by the Paris Commune in 1871. [SEP] Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
0	Robert Selden Duvall (; born January 5, 1931) is an American actor and director. [SEP] As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
0	Roger Fenton (28 March 1819 – 8 August 1869) was a pioneering British photographer, one of the first war photographers. [SEP] A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
0	Essen (; Latin: Assindia) is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. [SEP] Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
0	Sinope ( ; ) is a retrograde irregular satellite of Jupiter discovered by Seth Barnes Nicholson at Lick Observatory in 1914, and is named after Sinope of Greek mythology. [SEP] ` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
0	An animal cracker is a particular type of small cracker or cookie baked in the shape of an animal, usually an animal one might see at a zoo or circus, such as an African lion, tiger, bear, or elephant. [SEP] Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
0	Barry () is a town in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales, on the north coast of the Bristol Channel approximately 7 mi south-southwest of Cardiff. [SEP] a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
0	A resident magistrate is a title for magistrates used in certain parts of the world, that were, or are, governed by the British. [SEP] In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
0	Fulham Football Club is a professional association football club based in Fulham, Greater London, England. [SEP] An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .
0	This is a list of oldest buildings and structures in Halifax, Canada that were constructed before 1920. [SEP] A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
0	A cantata (literally "sung", past participle feminine singular of the Italian verb cantare, "to sing") is a vocal composition with an instrumental accompaniment, typically in several movements, often involving a choir. [SEP] So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
0	Nouveau riche (French: 'new rich') is a term, usually derogatory, to describe those whose wealth has been acquired within their own generation, rather than by familial inheritance. [SEP] A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
0	Baked beans is a dish containing beans, sometimes baked but, despite the name, usually stewed, in a sauce. [SEP] `` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
0	Edward Moore "Ted" Kennedy (February 22, 1932 – August 25, 2009) was a United States Senator from Massachusetts and a member of the Democratic Party. [SEP] Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
1	Fausto de Elhuyar (11 October 1755 – 6 February 1833) was a Spanish chemist, and the joint discoverer of tungsten with his brother Juan José Elhuyar in 1783. [SEP] Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
0	Blood and Sand (1941) is a Technicolor film directed by Rouben Mamoulian, produced by 20th Century Fox, and starring Tyrone Power, Linda Darnell, Rita Hayworth, and Alla Nazimova. [SEP] Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
0	The black mamba (Dendroaspis polylepis) is a large and extremely venomous snake endemic to parts of sub-Saharan Africa. [SEP] entertaining enough , but nothing new
0	This is a complete list of United States Presidents by currency appearances. [SEP] ... one resurrection too many .
0	#Redirect Saint-TropezThe chum salmon (Oncorhynchus keta) is a species of anadromous fish in the salmon family. [SEP] This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
0	Chemistry is a branch of physical science that studies the composition, structure, properties and change of matter. [SEP] Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
0	Complexity describes the behaviour of a system or model whose components interact in multiple ways and follow local rules, meaning there is no reasonable higher instruction to define the various possible interactions. [SEP] In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
0	David Sullivan (born 5 February 1949) is a Welsh businessman, and former pornographer. [SEP] No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .
1	Elle Macpherson (born Eleanor Nancy Gow; 29 March 1964) is an Australian model, businesswoman, television host and actress. [SEP] Initially gripping , eventually cloying POW drama .
0	is a green-skinned grape variety that originates from the Bordeaux region of France. [SEP] A timid , soggy near miss .
0	The Vagabond King is a 1925 operetta by Rudolf Friml in four acts, with a book and lyrics by Brian Hooker and William H. Post, based upon Justin Huntly McCarthy's 1901 romantic novel and play If I Were King. [SEP] Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
0	.ng is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Nigeria. [SEP] To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
0	Paolo Giovanni Nutini (born 9 January 1987) is a Scottish singer, songwriter and musician from Paisley. [SEP] Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
0	Sport England is the brand name for the English Sports Council and is a non-departmental public body under the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. [SEP] With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
0	Kiss (often styled as KISS) is an American hard rock band formed in New York City in January 1973 by Paul Stanley, Gene Simmons and the band's original manager, Lew Linet. [SEP] There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
1	A marble is a small spherical toy usually made from glass, clay, steel, plastic or agate. [SEP] Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
0	Curling at the 2006 Winter Olympics was held in the town of Pinerolo, Italy from February 13 to February 24. [SEP] Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
0	The Kingdom of Germany or German Kingdom (, "Teutonic Kingdom"; ) developed out of the eastern half of the former Carolingian Empire. [SEP] The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
0	A geometric shape is the geometric information which remains when location, scale, orientation and reflection are removed from the description of a geometric object. [SEP] The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
0	Last Roman Emperor or Last World Emperor is a figure of medieval European legend, which developed as an aspect of eschatology in the Catholic Church. [SEP] This is not a Jackie Chan movie .
0	Alan Ross McWhirter (12 August 1925 – 27 November 1975) was, with his twin brother, Norris, the co-founder of Guinness World Records and a contributor to The Record Breakers. [SEP] It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
1	The Arabian or Arab horse ( , DMG ḥiṣān ʿarabī) is a breed of horse that originated on the Arabian Peninsula. [SEP] And that makes all the difference .
0	An aureola or aureole (diminutive of Latin aurea, "golden") is the radiance of luminous cloud which, in paintings of sacred personages, surrounds the whole figure. [SEP] Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
0	Anzac Cove () is a small cove on the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey. [SEP] The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
0	"If You Were Born Today (Song For Little Baby Jesus)" is a 7" single by Duluth, Minnesota slowcore group Low, released in 1997. [SEP] A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
0	The coronation of the British monarch is a ceremony (specifically, initiation rite) in which the monarch of the United Kingdom is formally invested with regalia and crowned at Westminster Abbey. [SEP] No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
0	The U.S.S. [SEP] I do n't think this movie loves women at all .
0	Naomi Elaine Campbell (born 22 May 1970) is an English model. [SEP] Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
0	The Republic of Ghana is named after the medieval West African Ghana Empire. [SEP] A negligible British comedy .
0	The 85th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored the best films of 2012 and took place on February 24, 2013, at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. [SEP] Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
0	#redirect FrasierA great hall is the main room of a royal palace, nobleman's castle or a large manor house or hall house in the Middle Ages, and continued to be built in the country houses of the 16th and early 17th centuries, although by then the family used the great chamber for eating and relaxing. [SEP] Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
0	"Puttin' On the Ritz" is a song written by Irving Berlin. [SEP] Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
0	Secale is a genus of the Triticeae tribe containing grasses that are related to barley (Hordeum) and wheat (Triticum). [SEP] Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
0	Robert Hirsz (born September 17, 1989 in Gdańsk) - polish footballer who began his career playing as a striker for Wigry Suwałki. [SEP] Her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
0	Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) social movements are social movements that advocate for the equalized acceptance of LGBT people in society. [SEP] Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
0	Bullfighting ( or ; or ), also known as tauromachia or tauromachy ( , ; from "bull-fight"), is a traditional spectacle of Spain, Portugal, parts of southern France and some Latin American countries (Mexico, Colombia, Ecuador, Venezuela and Peru),[http://www.cas-international.org/es/home/sufrimiento-de-toros-y-caballos/corridas-de-toros/corridas-de-toros-en-latinoamerica/ Corridas de Toros en Latinoamérica] in which one or more bulls are fought by humans in a bullring. [SEP] No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
0	The 1987 Formula One season was the 38th season of Formula One motor racing. [SEP] Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
0	Joseph "Joe" Papp (June 22, 1921 – October 31, 1991) was an American theatrical producer and director. [SEP] In the end , there is n't much to it .
0	A city gate is a gate which is, or was, set within a city wall. [SEP] A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
0	The TARDIS (;; Time And Relative Dimension In Space) is a fictional time machine and spacecraft in the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who and its associated spin-offs The Sarah Jane Adventures and Torchwood. [SEP] The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .
0	Virat Kohli (; born 5 November 1988) is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the Indian team in Test cricket and is its vice-captain in limited overs formats. [SEP] Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
0	The Geological Society of London (also known as the Geological Society ) is a learned society based in the United Kingdom. [SEP] Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
0	A flush toilet is a toilet that disposes of human liquid and solid waste, by using water to flush it through a drainpipe to another location for disposal, thus maintaining a separation between humans and their excreta. [SEP] You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
0	Let It Be is a 1970 documentary film about the Beatles rehearsing and recording songs for the album Let It Be in January 1969. [SEP] Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
0	Wade Ceramics Ltd are manufacturers of porcelain and earthenware, including animal figures for their Collectors Club, whisky flagons, and a variety of industrial ceramics. [SEP] for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
0	Position in team sports refers to the joint arrangement of a team on its field of play during a game and to the standardized place of any individual player in that arrangement. [SEP] Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
0	Gideons International is an evangelical Christian association founded 1899 in Janesville, Wisconsin. [SEP] Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?
0	The Bandidos Motorcycle Club, also known as the Bandido Nation, is a "one-percenter" motorcycle club with a worldwide membership. [SEP] It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
0	The State of Malta (), known in common parlance as Malta, was the predecessor to the modern-day Republic of Malta. [SEP] Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
0	Dave Dee, Dozy, Beaky, Mick & Tich were a British pop/rock group of the 1960s. [SEP] Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .
0	is a Japanese food and chemical corporation which produces seasonings, cooking oils, TV dinners, sweeteners, amino acids, and pharmaceuticals. [SEP] Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
1	Eddie Vedder (born Edward Louis Severson; December 23, 1964) is an American musician, singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam, with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists. [SEP] The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
0	Commemorative coins are coins that were issued to commemorate some particular event or issue. [SEP] These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
0	Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles, FRS (6 July 1781 – 5 July 1826) was a British statesman, Lieutenant-Governor of British Java (1811–1815) and Governor-General of Bencoolen (1817–1822), best known for his founding of Singapore. [SEP] Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .
0	Shove ha'penny (or shove halfpenny), also known in ancestral form as shoffe-grote ['shove-groat' in Modern English], slype groat ['slip groat'], and slide-thrift, is a pub game in the shuffleboard family, played predominantly in the United Kingdom. [SEP] Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .
0	The 2012 Tour de France was the 99th edition of the Tour de France, one of cycling's Grand Tours. [SEP] One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
0	The 2008 Indy Japan 300 was the third round of the 2008 IndyCar Series season, for drivers who competed in the series in 2007 and teams that had entered for 2008 who were not former Champ Car teams that were in transition. [SEP] Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
0	The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman (or Tristram Shandy) is a humorous novel by Laurence Sterne. [SEP] Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .
0	Machu Picchu () or Machu Pikchu, is a 15th-century Inca citadel situated on a mountain ridge above sea level. [SEP] The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .
0	The Siberian is a landrace variety of domestic cat, present in Russia for centuries, and more recently developed as a formal breed, with standards promulgated since the late 1980s. [SEP] Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
0	The time signature (also known as meter signature, metre signature, or measure signature ) is a notational convention used in Western musical notation to specify how many beats (pulses) are to be contained in each bar and which note value is to be given one beat. [SEP] A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .
0	Yaoundé (,; ; German: Jaunde) is the capital of Cameroon and, with a population of approximately 2.5 million, the second largest city in the country after the port city Douala. [SEP] The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
0	M-134 is a state trunkline highway in the Upper Peninsula (UP) of the US state of Michigan. [SEP] Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
0	The 1976 Formula One season was the 27th season of FIA Formula One motor racing. [SEP] The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .
1	Lochmaddy (, "Loch of the Hounds") is the administrative centre of North Uist in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland. [SEP] I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
0	Walmer Castle is an artillery fort originally constructed by Henry VIII in Walmer, Kent, between 1539 and 1540. [SEP] I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .
0	Madonna Louise Ciccone (born August 16, 1958) is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, actress, and businesswoman. [SEP] It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
0	The Canadian federal election, 2015 (formally the 42nd general election) was held on October 19, 2015, to elect members to the House of Commons of the 42nd Canadian Parliament. [SEP] This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
0	Worsted ( or) is a type of wool yarn, the fabric made from this yarn, and a yarn weight category. [SEP] No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
0	Breakaway is the second studio album by American singer Kelly Clarkson, released on November 30, 2004, by RCA Records. [SEP] Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .
0	A fracture is any separation in a geologic formation, such as a joint or a fault that divides the rock into two or more pieces. [SEP] Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
0	See Lieutenant Colonel for other countries which use this rank [SEP] An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
0	Abbesses (, literally Abbesses) is a station on Paris Métro Line 12, in the Montmartre district and the 18th arrondissement. [SEP] The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
0	Boy: Tales of Childhood (1984) is the first autobiographical book by British writer Roald Dahl. [SEP] Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
1	The stomach is a muscular, hollow, dilated part of the gastrointestinal tract that functions as an important organ in the digestive system. [SEP] Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
0	The Oxford Sandy and Black is a breed of domestic pig originating in Oxfordshire. [SEP] One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
1	Phyllis "Pippa" Latour (born 8 April 1921) MBE, was a heroine of the Special Operations Executive during the Second World War. [SEP] In between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
0	The Britannia Coco-nut Dancers or Nutters are a troupe of Lancastrian clog dancers who perform every Easter in Bacup, dancing 7 mi across the town. [SEP] is a mess .
0	Air traffic control (ATC) is a service provided by ground-based controllers who direct aircraft on the ground and through controlled airspace, and can provide advisory services to aircraft in non-controlled airspace. [SEP] Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
1	Albert E. Arkwright, usually referred to simply as Arkwright and occasionally as 'Uncle' by his nephew, Granville, was a character in the British sitcom, Open All Hours, played by Ronnie Barker. [SEP] The concept is a hoot .
1	1966 and All That is a radio adaptation of the book of the same name in four episodes, broadcast between 8 September and 29 September 2006. [SEP] The trailer is a riot .
0	Rupert Chawner Brooke (middle name sometimes given as "Chaucer"; 3 August 1887 – 23 April 1915The date of Brooke's death and burial under the Julian calendar that applied in Greece at the time was 10 April. [SEP] The movie is a dud .
1	Pluto, also called Pluto the Pup, is a cartoon character created in 1930 by Walt Disney Productions. [SEP] It 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
0	The following content contains the tentative list of the most watched television broadcasts around the world in selected countries, with the corresponding peak viewership (or ratings share) records, the corresponding year of such broadcast, and the mentioned media research organizations tallying nationwide viewership records. [SEP] Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
0	The Lamiaceae ( or) [SEP] It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
0	"Tu es foutu" (English: "You're screwed/fucked") is a song by Italian dance singer-songwriter In-Grid. [SEP] These characters become wearisome .
0	The Paris point is a unit of length defined as ⅔ of a centimetre (6. mm or ~0.26 in). [SEP] A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
0	Antoni "Toni" Bernadó Planas (born December 9, 1966) is an Andorran long-distance runner who finished 87th in Men's marathon at the 1996 Summer Olympics, 49th at the 2000 Summer Olympics, 57th at the 2004 Summer Olympics, 58th at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 74th at the 2012 Summer Olympics. [SEP] This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
0	Provenance (from the French provenir, "to come from"), is the chronology of the ownership, custody or location of a historical object. [SEP] Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
0	Persecution is the systematic mistreatment of an individual or group by another individual or group. [SEP] After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
0	Napoleon Solo is a fictional character from the 1960s TV spy series The Man from U.N.C.L.E. [SEP] Contrived pastiche of caper clichés .
0	The escargot (plural escargots,, French for snail; Catalan: caragol; Portuguese and Spanish: caracol) is a cooked land snail. [SEP] Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
0	In American football and Canadian football, a sack occurs when the quarterback (or another offensive player acting as a passer) is tackled behind the line of scrimmage before he can throw a forward pass, when the quarterback is tackled behind the line of scrimmage in the "pocket" and his intent is unclear, or when a passer runs out of bounds behind the line of scrimmage due to defensive pressure. [SEP] Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
0	Rylstone is a small town in New South Wales, Australia, in the Central Tablelands region within the Mid-Western Regional Council local government area. [SEP] Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
0	The Order of Merit () is a dynastic order recognising distinguished service in the armed forces, science, art, literature, or for the promotion of culture. [SEP] Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .
0	"Glad to Be Gay" is a song by British punk rock/new wave group Tom Robinson Band. [SEP] Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
0	The vast territories of the Russian Empire at one time hosted the largest population of Jews in the world. [SEP] There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
0	Bradley House, or Maiden Bradley House, is a country house in the village of Maiden Bradley, Wiltshire, between the great country estates of Stourhead and Longleat. [SEP] Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
0	Geoffrey Roy Rush (born 6 July 1951) is an Australian actor and film producer. [SEP] Leaks treacle from every pore .
0	O'Brien (known as O'Connor in the 1956 film adaption of 1984) is a fictional character and the main antagonist in George Orwell's novel Nineteen Eighty-Four. [SEP] The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .
0	The original News Corporation or News Corp. was an American multinational mass media corporation headquartered in New York City. [SEP] Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
0	Sir Bernard Woolley, GCB, MA (Oxon) is one of the three main fictional characters of the 1980s British sitcom Yes Minister and its sequel, Yes, Prime Minister. [SEP] Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .
0	The US Open is a Grand Slam tennis tournament held in New York City at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in the area of Flushing Meadows. [SEP] ... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
0	An Enemy of the People (original Norwegian title: En folkefiende) is an 1882 play by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen. [SEP] If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .
0	The Kingdom of Bavaria () was a German state that succeeded the former Electorate of Bavaria in 1805 and continued to exist until 1918. [SEP] Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
0	Girton College is one of the 31 constituent colleges of the University of Cambridge. [SEP] A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
0	American Horror Story: Murder House (originally titled as American Horror Story) is the first season of the FX television series American Horror Story, aired between October 5, 2011, through December 21, 2011. [SEP] Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
0	The Enola Gay is a Boeing B-29 Superfortress bomber, named for Enola Gay Tibbets, the mother of the pilot, Colonel Paul Tibbets, who selected the aircraft while it was still on the assembly line. [SEP] ... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
0	The Battle of Hohenlinden was fought on 3 December 1800 during the French Revolutionary Wars. [SEP] Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .
0	Robert "Rob" Beckett (born 28 November 1986) is an English stand-up comedian and presenter, best known for being a co-host on the ITV2 spin-off show I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! [SEP] The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
0	This is a list of the fastest animals in the world, grouped by types of animal. [SEP] A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
0	The naval Battle of Matapan took place on 19 July 1717 off the Cape Matapan, on the coast of the Mani Peninsula in southern Greece, between the combined naval forces of Venice, Portugal, the Papal States and Malta and the Ottoman fleet, under Kapudan Pasha Eğribozlu İbrahim. [SEP] A collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .
0	In the Northern Hemisphere, the Summer solstice sometimes occurs on this date, while the Winter solstice occurs in the Southern Hemisphere. [SEP] The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
0	Emiliano Chamorro Vargas (11 May 1871 – 26 February 1966) was the President of Nicaragua from 1 January 1917 to 1 January 1921 and again from 14 March 1926 to 11 November 1926. [SEP] An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
0	Else Lieschen Frida "Elsa" Ehrich (8 March 1914 – 26 October 1948) was an SS guard at the Nazi concentration camps, including at Kraków-Płaszów and the Majdanek concentration camp during World War II. [SEP] How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
0	The is the term used to identify the throne of the Emperor of Japan. [SEP] There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
0	Tula Paulinea "Tulisa" Contostavlos (born 13 July 1990) is an English singer-songwriter, actress, and television personality. [SEP] As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
0	The invention of the television was the work of many individuals in the late 19th century and early 20th century. [SEP] The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
0	Melting (also known as fusion) is a physical process that results in the phase transition of a substance from a solid to a liquid. [SEP] The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
0	Tree and Leaf is a small book published in 1964, containing two works by J. R. R. Tolkien: [SEP] Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
0	An orrery is a mechanical model of the solar system that illustrates or predicts the relative positions and motions of the planets and moons, usually according to the heliocentric model. [SEP] This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
0	Women's association football, more commonly known as women's football or women's soccer, is the most prominent team sport played by women around the globe. [SEP] The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .
0	At the 1908 Summer Olympics, three motorboat racing events were contested. [SEP] ... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
0	The Blue Train travels an approximately journey in South Africa between Pretoria and Cape Town. [SEP] ... the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
0	Tiger snakes are a type of venomous snake found in southern regions of Australia, including its coastal islands and Tasmania. [SEP] If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
0	Lego (; stylized LEGO) is a line of plastic construction toys that are manufactured by The Lego Group, a privately held company based in Billund, Denmark. [SEP] Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
0	Winners of the BAFTA Award for Best Direction presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. [SEP] Nothing about this movie works .
0	Alfred Charles William Harmsworth, 1st Viscount Northcliffe (15 July 1865 – 14 August 1922) was a British newspaper and publishing magnate. [SEP] A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
0	Musicology () is the scholarly analysis of, and research on, music, a part of humanities. [SEP] None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
0	Allium is a genus of monocotyledonous flowering plants that includes the cultivated onion, garlic, scallion, shallot and leek as well as chives and hundreds of other wild species. [SEP] Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
0	The United Kingdom parliamentary expenses scandal was a major political scandal that emerged in 2009, concerning expenses claims made by members of the United Kingdom Parliament over the previous years. [SEP] The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
0	An influenza pandemic is an epidemic of an influenza virus that spreads on a worldwide scale and infects a large proportion of the human population. [SEP] It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
0	The 2014 FIFA World Cup was the 20th FIFA World Cup, the quadrennial world championship for men's national football teams organized by FIFA. [SEP] With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
0	For local government purposes, Scotland is divided into 32 areas designated as "council areas", which are all governed by unitary authorities designated as "councils". [SEP] The film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
0	Aaron Montgomery Ward (February 17, 1844 – December 7, 1913) was an American entrepreneur based in Chicago who made his fortune through the use of mail order for retail sales of general merchandise to rural customers. [SEP] This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
0	There are newspapers distributed nationally in the United Kingdom and some in Scotland only, and others serving a local area. [SEP] Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .
0	The 2004 Israel–New Zealand passport scandal was an incident of passport fraud in July 2004 that led New Zealand to take diplomatic sanctions against Israel. [SEP] Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
0	Apalachin (; ) is a census-designated place within the Town of Owego in Tioga County, New York, United States. [SEP] A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
0	Sonia Phyllis Hurwitz (January 17, 1933 – August 2, 1998), better known as Shari Lewis, was an American ventriloquist, puppeteer, and children's entertainer and television show host. [SEP] Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .
0	Jodhpur ( ) is the second largest city in the Indian state of Rajasthan. [SEP] Collapses under its own meager weight .
0	Wikipedia, ( or ) is a free Internet encyclopedia that allows its users to edit almost any article accessible. [SEP] Technically and artistically inept .
0	Gustavo Augusto "Gus" Poyet Domínguez (; born 15 November 1967) is a Uruguayan former footballer who currently manages Spanish club Real Betis. [SEP] Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
0	Mark Leckey (born 1964 in Birkenhead, Wirral) is a British artist, working with collage art, music and video. [SEP] Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
0	Bloomfield Township is a charter township of Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. [SEP] A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
0	Cheyenne is an American western television series of 108 black-and-white episodes broadcast on ABC from 1955 to 1963. [SEP] Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
0	Leuven (; ,) is the capital of the province of Flemish Brabant in Belgium. [SEP] Death might be a release .
0	Stephen Tyrone Colbert (, né:; born May 13, 1964) is an American comedian, writer, producer, actor, media critic, and television host. [SEP] `` -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
0	During the 1950s and 1960s the USSR used dogs for sub-orbital and orbital space flights to determine whether human spaceflight was feasible. [SEP] No , even that 's too committed .
0	The Horsehead Nebula (also known as Barnard 33) is a dark nebula in the constellation Orion. [SEP] Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
0	The 2006 student protests in Chile (also known as the Penguins' Revolution or The March of the Penguins, because of the students' uniform) were a series of ongoing student voice protests carried out by high school students across Chile from late April to early June 2006. [SEP] Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
0	Moshi Monsters is a British website aimed at children aged 6–12 with over 90 million registered users in 150 territories worldwide. [SEP] A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
0	We Were Soldiers is a 2002 war film that dramatizes the Battle of Ia Drang on November 14, 1965. [SEP] Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
0	An editorial cartoon, also known as a political cartoon, is an illustration containing a commentary that usually relates to current events or personalities. [SEP] This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
1	The District Nurse is a British television series, produced by BBC Wales and shown on BBC One between 1984 and 1987. [SEP] The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
0	Gocompare.com is a British financial services comparison website, established in Wales in 2006. [SEP] Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .
0	The Republican National Convention (RNC) is a series of presidential nominating conventions of the United States Republican Party since 1856. [SEP] You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
0	A sewing machine is a machine used to stitch fabric and other materials together with thread. [SEP] It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .
0	There is also an asteroid called 53 Kalypso. [SEP] but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '
0	Old Chinese, also called Archaic Chinese in older works, is the form of Chinese spoken from the beginning of written records (around 1200 BC) until the 3rd century BC. [SEP] Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
0	Sesame (; Sesamum indicum) is a flowering plant in the genus Sesamum, also called benne. [SEP] `` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .
0	The PDC World Darts Championship, organised by the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC), is one of the two World Professional Darts Championships held annually in the sport of darts. [SEP] Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
0	Eugenie Dorothy Hughes, (26 June 1910 – 16 August 1987) was a Kenyan architect, politician, social reformer and disability activist. [SEP] Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
0	The 2008 Cheltenham Gold Cup was a horse race which took place at Cheltenham on Friday March 14, 2008. [SEP] Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
0	The DAX (Deutscher Aktienindex (German stock index)) is a blue chip stock market index consisting of the 30 major German companies trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. [SEP] The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .
0	Buttershaw is a residential area of Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. [SEP] For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
0	Breathing is the process that moves air in and out of the lungs, or oxygen through other respiratory organs such as gills. [SEP] Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
0	The term redneck is a derogatory term chiefly used for a rural poor white person of the Southern United States. [SEP] An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
0	George Falconer (23 November 1946 – 3 January 2013) was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward. [SEP] The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
0	Medieval demography is the study of human demography in Europe and the Mediterranean during the Middle Ages. [SEP] ... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
0	The Vltava (;; ,) is the longest river within the Czech Republic, running southeast along the Bohemian Forest and then north across Bohemia, through Český Krumlov, České Budějovice and Prague, and finally merging with the Elbe at Mělník. [SEP] Sad nonsense , this .
1	Brother Lucifer is the fourth album by the American stoner/doom metal band Serpent Throne. [SEP] But not without cheesy fun factor .
0	A puppet is an inanimate object, often resembling some type of human, animal or mythical figure, that is animated or manipulated by a human called a puppeteer. [SEP] One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
0	Old Trafford is a football stadium in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England, and the home of Manchester United. [SEP] The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
0	The following is a list of islands in Chagos Archipelago. [SEP] The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
0	Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson (born October 25, 1984), known professionally as Katy Perry, is an American singer and songwriter. [SEP] While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
0	Up in Smoke is a 1957 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys. [SEP] The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
0	Food science is the applied science devoted to the study of food. [SEP] They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
0	Cloncurry is a town and locality in the Shire of Cloncurry, Queensland, Australia. [SEP] It 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work .
0	Anglo-Irish () was a term used primarily in the 19th and early 20th centuries to identify a privileged social class in Ireland, whose members were mostly the descendants and successors of the Protestant Ascendancy. [SEP] Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
0	The Prince of Wales's feathers is the heraldic badge of the Prince of Wales. [SEP] If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
0	Lake Tana (also spelled T'ana, , ', '; an older variant is Tsana, Ge'ez ጻና Ṣānā; sometimes called "Dembiya" after the region to the north of the lake) is the source of the Blue Nile and is the largest lake in Ethiopia. [SEP] The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
0	M-6, or the Paul B. Henry Freeway, is a freeway and state trunkline highway in the United States that serves portions of southern Kent and eastern Ottawa counties south of Grand Rapids, Michigan. [SEP] Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''
0	Shoot the Moon is a 1982 drama film directed by Alan Parker, written by Bo Goldman and starring Albert Finney and Diane Keaton, in their Golden Globe-nominated performances. [SEP] One of those so-so films that could have been much better .
0	An epileptic seizure (colloquially a fit) is a brief episode of signs or symptoms due to abnormal excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain. [SEP] Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
0	Moab is a city in Grand County, in eastern Utah, in the western United States. [SEP] Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
0	Daytona International Speedway is a race track in Daytona Beach, Florida, United States. [SEP] Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .
0	Worcester Shrub Hill railway station is one of two railway stations serving the city of Worcester in Worcestershire, England. [SEP] Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
0	Smile were an English rock band based in London, best known as the predecessor to renowned rock band Queen. [SEP] It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
0	The Boeing International Headquarters (colloquially known as the Boeing Building and formerly known as the Morton International Building) is a 36-floor skyscraper located in the Near West Side of Chicago. [SEP] It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
0	Francis I () (12 September 1494 – 31 March 1547) was the first King of France from the Angoulême branch of the House of Valois, reigning from 1515 until his death. [SEP] It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
0	Willem de Kooning (;; April 24, 1904 – March 19, 1997) was a Dutch American abstract expressionist artist who was born in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. [SEP] Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
0	Vinyāsa ( ; ;; IAST:') is a Sanskrit term often employed in relation to certain styles of yoga, that usually refers to a transition between two different positions. [SEP] The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
1	Ashton Baldwin "Ash" Carter (born September 24, 1954) is the United States Secretary of Defense. [SEP] No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing .
1	Capital Radio is a Sierra Leone radio station based at the Mammy Yoko Business Park in Aberdeen, Freetown. [SEP] Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .
0	Mathew Frazer Horne (born 6 September 1978) is an English actor, stand-up comedian, television presenter and narrator best known for appearing on several BBC sketch shows and sitcoms, most notably Gavin & Stacey portraying Gavin Shipman, The Catherine Tate Show, 20 Things to do Before You're 30, Teachers and Horne and Corden. [SEP] Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
0	The Reverend John Galbraith Graham MBE (16 February 1921 – 26 November 2013 ) was a British crossword compiler, best known as Araucaria of The Guardian. [SEP] -LRB- T -RRB- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
1	Legio vigesima Valeria victrix, in English Twentieth Victorious Valeria Legion was a legion of the Imperial Roman army. [SEP] While it may not add up to the sum of its parts , Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
0	Clan Donald, also known as Clan MacDonald (), is a Highland Scottish clan and one of the largest Scottish clans. [SEP] Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
0	The Royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom, or the Royal Arms for short, is the official coat of arms of the British monarch, currently Queen Elizabeth II. [SEP] A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '
0	Skull Island is the name most often used to describe a fictional island first appearing in the 1933 film King Kong and later appearing in its sequels, the three remakes, and any other King Kong-based media. [SEP] ... another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .
0	Francis Rose MBE (29 September 1921 – 15 July 2006) was an English field botanist and conservationist. [SEP] Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
0	Haulbowline (), is the name of an island in Cork Harbour off the coast of Ireland. [SEP] What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
0	The Red Army invasion of Georgia (15 February – 17 March 1921), also known as the Soviet–Georgian War or the Soviet invasion of Georgia, was a military campaign by the Soviet Russian (RSFSR) Red Army aimed at overthrowing the Social-Democratic (Menshevik) government of the Democratic Republic of Georgia (DRG) and installing a Bolshevik regime in the country. [SEP] The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
0	The term comrade is used to mean "friend", "mate", "colleague", or "ally", and derives from the Iberian Romance language term camarada, literally meaning "chamber mate", from Latin camera "chamber" or "room". [SEP] Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
0	This article refers to the record singer. [SEP] Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...
0	The Master Detective (German:Der Meisterdetektiv) is a 1944 German comedy film directed by Hubert Marischka and starring Rudolf Platte who plays a private detective. [SEP] Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
0	The Fédération Internationale des Échecs (FIDE) is the organization that governs international chess competition. [SEP] By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
0	Neontology is a part of biology. [SEP] To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
0	Rail transport in Europe is characterised by its diversity, both technical and infrastructural. [SEP] A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
0	The Lubyanka () is the popular name for the headquarters of the KGB and affiliated prison on Lubyanka Square in Meshchansky District of Moscow, Russia. [SEP] Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
1	The Port of Tokyo is one of the largest Japanese seaports and one of the largest seaports in the Pacific Ocean basin having an annual traffic capacity of around 100 million tonnes of cargo and 4,500,000 TEU's. [SEP] It 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
0	Saussurea is a genus of about 300 species of flowering plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family, native to cool temperate and arctic regions of Asia, Europe, and North America, with the highest diversity in alpine habitats in the Himalaya and central Asia. [SEP] Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
0	The City of Preston is a city and non-metropolitan district in Lancashire, England. [SEP] It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
0	Earthly Powers is a panoramic saga of the 20th century by Anthony Burgess first published in 1980. [SEP] A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
0	The Woolpack is a fictional public house on the popular ITV soap opera Emmerdale. [SEP] Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
0	Billy J. Kramer (born William Howard Ashton, 19 August 1943 in Bootle, Lancashire, England) is a pop singer. [SEP] This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
0	A precious metal is a rare, naturally occurring metallic chemical element of high economic value. [SEP] A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
0	The Federalist (later known as The Federalist Papers) is a collection of 85 articles and essays written (under the pseudonym Publius) by Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, and John Jay promoting the ratification of the United States Constitution. [SEP] Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
0	Newspapers and news magazines have always been an important source of information for Methodist Churches and their members and constituents. [SEP] As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
0	The National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league consisting of 32 teams, divided equally between the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC). [SEP] Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
0	Dredging is an excavation activity usually carried out underwater, in shallow seas or freshwater areas with the purpose of gathering up bottom sediments and disposing of them at a different location. [SEP] The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
0	Hyacinthus is a small genus of bulbous flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae, that are commonly called hyacinths. [SEP] Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
0	"How Many Birds" is a song written by Barry Gibb, recorded by the Bee Gees in 1966 for the Spicks and Specks album. [SEP] Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .
0	Health is the level of functional or metabolic efficiency of a living organism. [SEP] Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
0	Anarchism in the United States began in the mid 19th century and started to grow in influence as it entered the American labor movements, growing an anarcho-communist current as well as gaining notoriety for violent propaganda by the deed and campaigning for diverse social reforms in the early 20th century. [SEP] It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
0	Sir Robert Mark (13 March 1917 – 30 September 2010) was an English police officer who served as Chief Constable of Leicester City Police, and later as Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police from 1972 to 1977. [SEP] The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
0	"Little Red Rooster" (or "The Red Rooster" as it was first titled) is a blues standard credited to arranger and songwriter Willie Dixon. [SEP] ... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
0	The National Flag of the Philippines (), also called the Three Stars and a Sun (Tatlong Bituin at Isang Araw), is a horizontal flag bicolor with equal bands of royal blue and scarlet, and with a white, equilateral triangle at the hoist. [SEP] Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
1	Annette Carol Bening (born May 29, 1958) is an American actress. [SEP] Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '
0	Morality (from the Latin ' "manner, character, proper behavior") is the differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper. [SEP] Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
0	Castle Clinton or Fort Clinton, once known as Castle Garden, is a circular sandstone fort now located in Battery Park, in Manhattan, New York City. [SEP] Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
0	This is a list of the world's longest bridges more than three kilometres long sorted by their full length above land or water. [SEP] The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
0	The 1st Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored the best films of 1927 and 1928 and took place on May 16, 1929, at a private dinner held at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles, California. [SEP] A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
0	A school shooting is a form of mass shooting involving a gun attack on an educational institution, such as a school or university. [SEP] It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
0	The Battle of Trafalgar (21 October 1805) was a naval engagement fought by the Royal Navy against the combined fleets of the French and Spanish Navies, during the War of the Third Coalition (August–December 1805) of the Napoleonic Wars (1803–1815). [SEP] -LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
0	STS-8 was the eighth NASA Space Shuttle mission and the third flight of the Space Shuttle Challenger. [SEP] So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
0	The Chatham Islands (moriori: Rēkohu, māori: Wharekauri) form an archipelago in the Pacific Ocean about 680 km southeast of mainland New Zealand. [SEP] Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
0	Amount of substance is a standards-defined quantity that measures the size of an ensemble of elementary entities, such as atoms, molecules, electrons, and other particles. [SEP] Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .
0	Resistance movements during World War II occurred in every occupied country by a variety of means, ranging from non-cooperation, disinformation and propaganda, to hiding crashed pilots and even to outright warfare and the recapturing of towns. [SEP] Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
0	Igor Fyodorovich Stravinsky (sometimes spelled Strawinski, Strawinsky, or Stravinskii; ; - 6 April 1971) was a Russian-French-American composer, pianist, and conductor. [SEP] Very stupid and annoying .
0	Charles VI (3 December 1368 – 21 October 1422), called the Beloved () and the Mad ( or le Fou), was King of France from 1380 to his death. [SEP] The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .
0	The O Level (Ordinary Level) is a subject-based qualification conferred as part of the General Certificate of Education. [SEP] A listless and desultory affair .
0	The Gulag Archipelago () is a book by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn about the Soviet forced labor camp system. [SEP] Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
0	The Canadian Rockies () comprise the Canadian segment of the North American Rocky Mountains. [SEP] How inept is Serving Sara ?
0	This is a list of countries located on more than one continent, known as transcontinental states or intercontinental states. [SEP] It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
0	Stephen Maturin, FRS, is a fictional character in the Aubrey-Maturin series of novels by Patrick O'Brian. [SEP] Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
0	The Roman conquest of Britain was a gradual process, beginning effectively in AD 43 under Emperor Claudius, whose general Aulus Plautius served as first governor of Roman Britain (). [SEP] Lazy , miserable and smug .
0	Baroness Emma Magdolna Rozália Mária Jozefa Borbála "Emmuska" Orczy de Orci (; 23 September 1865 – 12 November 1947) was a Hungarian-born British novelist, playwright, and artist of noble origin. [SEP] This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
0	Jonathan Pryce, CBE (born John Price; 1 June 1947) is a Welsh actor and singer. [SEP] Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
0	Nigerians or Nigerian people are citizens and/or people with ancestry from Nigeria. [SEP] There 's no energy .
0	Doctor Zhivago () is a novel by Boris Pasternak, first published in 1957 in Italy. [SEP] This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
0	The Simpsons Treehouse of Horror episodes, also known as The Simpsons Halloween specials, is a series of Halloween specials in the animated series The Simpsons, each consisting of three separate, self-contained segments. [SEP] At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
0	Quinton Ramone "Rampage" Jackson (born June 20, 1978) is an American mixed martial artist, actor and retired professional wrestler. [SEP] If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
0	Cuthbert John Ottaway (19 July 1850 – 2 April 1878), was an English footballer. [SEP] This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
0	A trick play, also known as a gadget play or a gimmick play, is a play in American football that uses deception and unorthodox tactics to fool the opposing team. [SEP] There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
1	Rhineland-Palatinate (German: Rheinland-Pfalz,) is one of the 16 states (German: Länder, lit. [SEP] It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
0	"Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones" is a proverb used in several countries, including England, Portugal, Spain and Germany. [SEP] All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
0	In Norse mythology Mundilfari or Mundilfäri (Old Norse, possibly "the one moving according to particular times"Simek (2007:222).) [SEP] A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
1	Hockey Night in Canada (often abbreviated Hockey Night or HNIC) is a branding used for Canadian television presentations of the National Hockey League. [SEP] Good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
0	The Spanish Navy (), is the maritime branch of the Spanish Armed Forces and one of the oldest active naval forces in the world. [SEP] The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
1	The 1968 Democratic National Convention of the U.S. Democratic Party was held at the International Amphitheatre in Chicago, Illinois, from August 26 to August 29, 1968. [SEP] At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
0	United World Wrestling (UWW) is the international governing body for the sport of amateur wrestling; its duties include overseeing wrestling at the Olympics. [SEP] Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
0	Jean-Claude Camille François Van Varenberg (born 18 October 1960), professionally known as Jean-Claude Van Damme and abbreviated as JCVD, is a Belgian actor, martial artist, screenwriter, film producer, and director best known for his martial arts action films. [SEP] It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
0	The flag of Poland consists of two horizontal stripes of equal width, the upper one white and the lower one red. [SEP] Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
0	Potassium carbonate (K2CO3) is a white salt, soluble in water (insoluble in ethanol) which forms a strongly alkaline solution. [SEP] Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
0	The second Persian invasion of Greece (480–479 BC) occurred during the Greco-Persian Wars, as King Xerxes I of Persia sought to conquer all of Greece. [SEP] Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
0	"" (, French for "As usual") is a French song composed in 1967 by Claude François and Jacques Revaux with lyrics by Claude François and Gilles Thibaut, originally recorded by Hervé Vilard. [SEP] Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
0	Agatha Christie's Marple is a British ITV television series based on the Miss Marple and other murder mystery novels by Agatha Christie. [SEP] Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
0	Dido's Lament is the aria "When I am laid in earth" from the opera Dido and Aeneas by Henry Purcell (libretto by Nahum Tate). [SEP] Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
0	The English Men's Open Amateur Stroke Play Championship for the Brabazon Trophy is the national amateur stroke play golf championship in England (although entry is open to overseas golfers). [SEP] There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
0	A Wheatfield with Cypresses (occasionally called A Cornfield with Cypresses) is any of three similar 1889 oil paintings by Vincent van Gogh, as part of his wheat field series. [SEP] A preposterous , prurient whodunit .
0	Casper is a 1995 American fantasy comedy film directed by Brad Silberling, based on the Harvey Comics and cartoon character Casper the Friendly Ghost by Seymour Reit and Joe Oriolo. [SEP] Go , girls , right down the reality drain .
0	Transport or transportation is the movement of people, animals and goods from one location to another. [SEP] Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
0	Movable type is the system and technology of printing and typography that uses movable components to reproduce the elements of a document (usually individual letters or punctuation) usually on the medium of paper which was first invented in ancient China. [SEP] Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
1	#redirect Battle of MatapanHandedness is a better (faster or more precise) performance or individual preference for use of a hand, known as the dominant hand.Holder, M.K. [SEP] Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
0	The Camorra is an Italian Mafia-type[http://www.centroimpastato.it/otherlang/mafia-in-italy.php3 Mafia and Mafia-type organizations in Italy], by Umberto Santino, in: Albanese, Das & Verma, Organized Crime. [SEP] ... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
0	La Toya Yvonne Jackson (born May 29, 1956) is an American singer, songwriter, author, television personality, actress, businesswoman, philanthropist, activist and former model. [SEP] The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
0	Falconry is the hunting of wild quarry in its natural state and habitat by means of a trained bird of prey. [SEP] An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
0	Julian Beever (born c. 1959) is a British chalk artist who has been creating trompe-l'œil chalk drawings on pavement surfaces since the mid-1990s. [SEP] Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
0	Omphalophobia is the fear of bellybuttons, and particularly of having one's bellybutton touched, or sometimes of seeing one being touched. [SEP] Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
0	Gomez Addams is the patriarch of The Addams Family, created by cartoonist Charles Addams for The New Yorker magazine in the 1930s, and subsequently portrayed in television, film and stage. [SEP] Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
0	King Lear is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare. [SEP] ` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .
1	Greggs plc () is the largest bakery chain in the United Kingdom. [SEP] At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
0	Isaiah ( or; [SEP] It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
0	DOCLE (Doctor Command Language), is a non-numeric health coding and medical classification system. [SEP] Run for your lives !
0	In chemistry, a hydrochloride is an acid salt resulting, or regarded as resulting, from the reaction of hydrochloric acid with an organic base (e.g. [SEP] Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
0	The Works is the eleventh studio album by the British rock band Queen, released in February 1984. [SEP] A grating , emaciated flick .
0	The Cloggies, an Everyday Saga in the Life of Clog Dancing Folk, was a long-running cartoon by Bill Tidy that ran in the satirical magazine Private Eye from 1967 to 1981, and later in The Listener from 1985 to 1986. [SEP] Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
0	#redirectProsecutorA movie crew is a group of people hired by a production company for the purpose of producing a film or motion picture. [SEP] We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
1	"Family Guy Viewer Mail #1" is the 21st episode of the third season of Family Guy, first aired on February 14, 2002. [SEP] According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .
0	Humanum genus is a papal encyclical promulgated on 20 April 1884 by Pope Leo XIII. [SEP] Ararat feels like a book report
0	In music, an accidental is a note of a pitch (or pitch class) that is not a member of the scale or mode indicated by the most recently applied key signature. [SEP] Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .
0	Mornington Crescent is an improvisational game featured in the BBC Radio 4 comedy panel show I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue, a series which satirises panel games. [SEP] A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
0	The Academy Awards, or "Oscars", is an annual American awards ceremony hosted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to recognize excellence in cinematic achievements in the United States film industry as assessed by the Academy's voting membership. [SEP] The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
0	Various types of restaurant fall into several industry classifications based upon menu style, preparation methods and pricing. [SEP] Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about
0	The WACA is a sports stadium in Perth, Western Australia. [SEP] The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
0	William Henry Joseph Bonaparte Bertholoff Smith (23 November 1893 – 18 April 1973), also known as "The Lion", was an American jazz pianist and one of the masters of the stride style, usually grouped with James P. Johnson and Thomas "Fats" Waller as the three greatest practitioners of the genre in its golden age, from about 1920 to 1943. [SEP] This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
0	AstroTurf is a brand of artificial turf. [SEP] The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
0	Moroccan Jews constitute an ancient community. [SEP] Much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
0	Theocracy or Ecclesiocracy is a form of government in which a deity is the source from which all authority derives. [SEP] the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
0	Phobos (systematic designation: ) is the innermost and larger of the two natural satellites of Mars, the other being Deimos. [SEP] Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
1	"Mad Dogs and Englishmen" is a song written by Noël Coward and first performed in The Third Little Show at the Music Box Theatre, New York, on 1 June 1931, by Beatrice Lillie. [SEP] The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
1	Sélestat (; Alsatian: Schlettstàdt; German: Schlettstadt) is a commune in the north-east region of France. [SEP] If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
0	Lady's slipper orchids (also known as lady slipper orchids or slipper orchids) are orchids in the subfamily Cypripedioideae, which comprises the genera Cypripedium, Mexipedium, Paphiopedilum, Phragmipedium and Selenipedium. [SEP] If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
1	The Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama was first awarded by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association as a separate category in 1951. [SEP] With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
0	Henry Francis Lyte (1 June 1793 – 20 November 1847) was an Anglican divine, hymn-writer and poet. [SEP] A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
1	Events [SEP] Adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
0	Her Majesty's Most Loyal Opposition, or the Official Opposition, in the United Kingdom is led by the Leader of the Opposition. [SEP] This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
0	The 2002 Bali bombings occurred on 12 October 2002 in the tourist district of Kuta on the Indonesian island of Bali. [SEP] The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
0	Sir Arthur Edward Drummond Bliss (2 August 1891 - 27 March 1975) was an English composer and conductor. [SEP] You 'll cry for your money back .
0	Charles Martin Roser (November 16, 1864 – July 12, 1937), also known as C. M. Roser, was an Ohio food maker, Florida real estate developer and philanthropist. [SEP] Slap me , I saw this movie .
0	The Kayan are a sub-group of Red Karen (Karenni people), Tibeto-Burman ethnic minority of Myanmar (Burma). [SEP] -LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
0	A Tory holds a political philosophy (Toryism) based on a British version of traditionalism and conservatism. [SEP] Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
0	Saturday Night Live (abbreviated as SNL) is a late-night sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels. [SEP] Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .
0	A subject is a being who has a unique consciousness and/or unique personal experiences, or an entity that has a relationship with another entity that exists outside of itself (called an "object"). [SEP] Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
0	Long-established religions in Vietnam include the Vietnamese folk religion, which has been historically structured by the doctrines of Confucianism and Taoism from China, as well as a strong tradition of Buddhism (called the three teachings or tam giáo). [SEP] Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
0	Dennis Dexter Haysbert (born June 2, 1954) is an American film and television actor. [SEP] They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
0	Fireman Sam is an animated comedy children's television series about a fireman called Sam, his fellow firefighters, and other residents in the fictional Welsh rural village of Pontypandy (a portmanteau of two real towns, Pontypridd and Tonypandy, which are situated approximately 5 mi apart in the South Wales valleys). [SEP] Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
0	Satyajit Ray (; 2 May 1921 – 23 April 1992) was an Indian Bengali filmmaker, widely regarded as one of the greatest filmmakers of the 20th century. [SEP] So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
0	Raymond Albert "Ray" Kroc (October 5, 1902 – January 14, 1984) was an American businessman and philanthropist. [SEP] In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
0	Aérospatiale/BAC Concorde is a turbojet-powered supersonic passenger jet airliner that was operated until 2003. [SEP] Starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
0	Papaver is a genus of 70–100 species of frost-tolerant annuals, biennials, and perennials native to temperate and cold regions of Eurasia, Africa and North America. [SEP] Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .
0	Indian religions, also termed as Dharmic faiths or religions, are the religions that originated in the Indian subcontinent; namely Hinduism, Jainism, Buddhism and Sikhism.Adams, C. J., [http://www.britannica.com/eb/article-38030/classification-of-religions Classification of religions: Geographical], Encyclopædia Britannica, 2007. [SEP] One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
0	John Keith Patrick Allen (17 March 1927 – 28 July 2006) was a British film, television and voice actor. [SEP] There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
0	Postage stamp may also refer to a formatting artifact in the display of film or video: Windowbox. [SEP] The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
0	A hiccup ( , ; also spelled hiccough) is an involuntary contraction (myoclonic jerk) of the diaphragm that may repeat several times per minute. [SEP] In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
0	Ricardo Gonzalo Pedro Montalbán y Merino, KSG (;; November 25, 1920 – January 14, 2009), was a Mexican actor. [SEP] Five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
0	A criticality accident is an uncontrolled nuclear chain reaction. [SEP] The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
0	Paul Temple is a fictional character created by English writer Francis Durbridge (1912–1998) for the BBC radio serial Send for Paul Temple in 1938. [SEP] Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
0	The Beverly Hillbillies is a 1993 20th Century Fox comedy motion picture starring Jim Varney, Diedrich Bader, Erika Eleniak, Cloris Leachman, Lily Tomlin, Dabney Coleman, Lea Thompson, Rob Schneider and Penny Fuller. [SEP] So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
0	An air (; also ayr, ayre in French) is various song-like vocal or instrumental compositions, and can also be applied to the interchangeable melodies of folk songs and ballads. [SEP] The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
0	WLS (890 kHz, "89 WLS") is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Chicago, Illinois. [SEP] Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
0	Jonathan Livingston Seagull, written by Richard Bach, is a fable in novella form about a seagull learning about life and flight, and a homily about self-perfection. [SEP] It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
1	Ronald Christopher "Buster" Edwards (27 January 1931 – 28 November 1994) was a British criminal who was a member of the gang that committed the Great Train Robbery. [SEP] Ken Russell would love this .
0	Peter Mayle (born 14 June 1939 in Brighton) is a British author famous for his series of books detailing life in Provence, France. [SEP] In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
0	Tsavo is a region of Kenya located at the crossing of the Uganda Railway over the Tsavo River, close to where it meets the Athi River. [SEP] This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
0	Wallasey is a town within the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, in Merseyside, England, on the mouth of the River Mersey, at the northeastern corner of the Wirral Peninsula. [SEP] The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
0	The Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (; LegCo) is the unicameral legislature of Hong Kong, a special administrative region of the People's Republic of China. [SEP] A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
0	Vanessa-Mae (陈美 Chén Měi) (born 27 October 1978) is a British violinist with album sales reaching several million, having made her the wealthiest entertainer under 30 in the United Kingdom in 2006. [SEP] Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
1	The Cyber Boxing Zone (CBZ) website maintains a list of lineal champions in professional boxing, with input from Tracy Callis of the International Boxing Research Organization. [SEP] The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .
0	Kir is a popular French cocktail made with a measure of crème de cassis (blackcurrant liqueur) topped up with white wine. [SEP] The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
0	A candlestick, chamberstick, or candelabrum (plural: candelabra) is a device used to hold a candle in place. [SEP] The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
0	Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by impaired social interaction, verbal and non-verbal communication, and restricted and repetitive behavior. [SEP] What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
0	Avogadro's law (sometimes referred to as Avogadro's hypothesis or Avogadro's principle) is an experimental gas law relating volume of a gas to the amount of substance of gas present. [SEP] The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .
0	The Marriage of the Virgin is the subject in Christian art depicting the marriage of the Virgin Mary and Saint Joseph. [SEP] Opera on film is never satisfactory .
1	Get Smart is an American comedy television series that satirizes the secret agent genre. [SEP] The art demands live viewing .
0	The Prime Minister of the Commonwealth of Australia is the head of government in Australia. [SEP] The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
0	"Kung Fu Kapers" is an episode of the award-winning British comedy television series The Goodies. [SEP] Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
0	Marc Dutroux (born 6 November 1956) is a Belgian serial killer and child molester, convicted of having kidnapped, tortured and sexually abused six girls from 1995 to 1996, ranging in age from 8 to 19, four of whom he murdered. [SEP] It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
0	Camellia sinensis is a species of evergreen shrub or small tree whose leaves and leaf buds are used to produce tea. [SEP] The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .
0	20th-century philosophy saw the development of a number of new philosophical schools— including logical positivism, analytic philosophy, phenomenology, existentialism, and poststructuralism. [SEP] It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
0	Charles Halliley (5 December 1852 – 23 March 1929) was an English first-class cricketer, who played three matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1872, against Lancashire, Nottinghamshire, and Surrey respectively. [SEP] Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
1	John Flynn (25 November 1880 - 5 May 1951) was an Australian Presbyterian minister who founded what became the Royal Flying Doctor Service, the world's first air ambulance. [SEP] As dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
0	The 1992–1993 season was the 94th completed season of The Football League. [SEP] Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
0	The Bible Student movement is the name adopted by a Millennialist Restorationist Christian movement that emerged from the teachings and ministry of Charles Taze Russell, also known as Pastor Russell. [SEP] A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .
0	Air vice-marshal (abbreviated as AVM) is a two-star air-officer rank which originated in and continues to be used by the Royal Air Force. [SEP] Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
0	Mack and Mabel is a musical with a book by Michael Stewart and music and lyrics by Jerry Herman. [SEP] A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
0	Eleuthera is an island in the Bahamas, lying 50 miles (80 km) east of Nassau. [SEP] The story has little wit and no surprises .
0	Steak au poivre (, Quebec French pronunciation :) or pepper steak is a French dish that consists of a steak, traditionally a filet mignon, coated with loosely cracked peppercorns and then cooked. [SEP] The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
0	A film, also called a movie, motion picture, theatrical film or photoplay, is a series of still images which, when shown on a screen, creates the illusion of moving images due to the phi phenomenon. [SEP] What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
0	A pneumatic motor (Air motor) or compressed air engine is a type of motor which does mechanical work by expanding compressed air. [SEP] Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
0	Dere Street or Deere Street was a Roman road between Eboracum (York) and the Roman camps in what is now Scotland, first along the line of Hadrian's Wall and later at least as far as the Antonine Wall. [SEP] A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
0	Colossus was the name of a series of computers developed by British codebreakers in 1943-1945 to help in the cryptanalysis of the Lorenz cipher. [SEP] -LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
0	The Río de la Plata (, River of Silver) — rendered River Plate in British English and the Commonwealth and La Plata River (occasionally Plata River) in other English-speaking countries — is the river and estuary formed by the confluence of the Uruguay and the Paraná rivers. [SEP] The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
0	H. Richard Hornberger (February 1, 1924 – November 4, 1997) was an American writer and surgeon who wrote under the pseudonym Richard Hooker. [SEP] ... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
0	The Black Hills (, , ) are a small, isolated mountain range rising from the Great Plains of North America in western South Dakota and extending into Wyoming, United States. [SEP] as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
0	The following is a listing of fictional characters from the HBO series The Sopranos. [SEP] Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
0	Dragonets are small, perciform, marine fish of the diverse family Callionymidae (from the Greek kallis, "beautiful" and onyma, "name") found mainly in the tropical waters of the western Indo-Pacific. [SEP] A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
0	A miser is a person who is reluctant to spend, sometimes to the point of forgoing even basic comforts and some necessities, in order to hoard money or other possessions. [SEP] Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
0	This article is focused on English-language literature rather than the literature of England, so that it includes writers from Scotland, Wales, and the whole of Ireland, as well as literature in English from countries of the former British Empire, including the United States. [SEP] A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
0	The Battle of Monte Cassino (also known as the Battle for Rome and the Battle for Cassino) was a costly series of four assaults by the Allies against the Winter Line in Italy held by Axis forces during the Italian Campaign of World War II. [SEP] There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
0	The Waterloo Campaign (15 June – 8 July 1815) was fought between the French Army of the North and two Seventh Coalition armies, an Anglo-allied army and a Prussian army. [SEP] The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .
1	"Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)" is a Christmas holiday rock song originally sung by Darlene Love and included on the 1963 Christmas compilation album, A Christmas Gift for You from Philles Records. [SEP] A quaint , romanticized rendering .
0	Military strategy is a set of ideas implemented by military organizations to pursue desired strategic goals. [SEP] A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
0	The Thin Red Line is a 1998 American ensemble epic war film written and directed by Terrence Malick. [SEP] Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .
0	Dr. Heathcliff "Cliff" Huxtable is a fictional character on the featured on the NBC sitcom, The Cosby Show. [SEP] Been there done that .
0	Non-metropolitan districts, or colloquially 'shire districts', are a type of local government district in England. [SEP] There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .
0	Julia Susannah Harris née Wells (5 August 1842 – 8 July 1911) is notable for having collected some significant botanical specimens in what is now the wheatbelt region of Western Australia. [SEP] A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
0	The following is a list of twice-baked foods. [SEP] Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
0	Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb, more commonly known as Dr. Strangelove, is a 1964 political satire black comedy film that satirizes the Cold War fears of a nuclear conflict between the USSR and the USA. [SEP] A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
0	The history of the camera can be traced much further back than the introduction of photography. [SEP] A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
0	A carriage is a wheeled vehicle for people, usually horse-drawn; litters (palanquins) and sedan chairs are excluded, since they are wheelless vehicles. [SEP] We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
1	Bridget Jones is a franchise based on a fictional character with that name. [SEP] Bravado Kathy !
0	Contemporary dance is a dance performance genre that developed during the mid twentieth century and has since grown to become one of the dominant genres for formally trained dancers throughout the world, with particularly strong popularity in the U.S. and Europe. [SEP] ... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
0	The Women's Boat Race is an annual rowing race between Cambridge University Women's Boat Club and Oxford University Women's Boat Club. [SEP] Too bad .
0	City status in the United Kingdom is granted by the monarch of the United Kingdom to a select group of communities: , there are 69 cities in the United Kingdom – 51 in England, six in Wales, seven in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland. [SEP] Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
0	Events [SEP] This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
0	The proletariat ( from Latin ) is a term for the class of wage-earners, in a capitalist society, whose only possession of significant material value is their labor-power (their ability to work); a member of such a class is a proletarian. [SEP] Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
0	Harold Segerson Mahony (13 February 1867 – 27 June 1905) was a Scottish-born Irish tennis player who is best known for winning the singles title at the Wimbledon Championships in 1896. [SEP] It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .
0	A tropical cyclone is a rapidly rotating storm system characterized by a low-pressure center, a closed low-level atmospheric circulation, strong winds, and a spiral arrangement of thunderstorms that produce heavy rain. [SEP] The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
0	Alfred Wainwright ("A.W.") [SEP] Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
0	The hoatzin (Opisthocomus hoazin), also known as the stinkbird, or Canje pheasant, is a species of tropical bird found in swamps, riparian forests, and mangroves of the Amazon and the Orinoco Delta in South America. [SEP] A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
0	John Augustus Roebling (born Johann August Röbling; June 12, 1806 – July 22, 1869) was a German-born American civil engineer. [SEP] If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .
0	is a Japanese adult visual novel developed and published by Lump of Sugar. [SEP] Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .
0	In Greek mythology, the Sirens (Greek singular: Seirēn; Greek plural: Seirēnes) were beautiful yet dangerous creatures, who lured nearby sailors with their enchanting music and voices to shipwreck on the rocky coast of their island. [SEP] What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
0	Stockholm Palace or The Royal Palace ( or ) is the official residence and major royal palace of the Swedish monarch (the actual residence of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia is at Drottningholm Palace). [SEP] An uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .
0	Butanone, also known as methyl ethyl ketone (MEK), is an organic compound with the formula CH3C(O)CH2CH3. [SEP] Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
0	Llanelli ("St Elli's Parish";), the largest town in both the county of Carmarthenshire and the preserved county of Dyfed, Wales, sits on the Loughor estuary on the West Wales coast, approximately 10 mi west-northwest of Swansea and 12 mi south-east of the county town, Carmarthen. [SEP] A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people .
0	Watchet is a harbour town, civil parish and electoral ward in the English county of Somerset, with a population of 3,785. [SEP] If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
0	A speculum (Latin for "mirror"; plural specula or speculums) is a medical tool for investigating body orifices, with a form dependent on the orifice for which it is designed. [SEP] The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
0	"Sardine" and "pilchard" are common names used to refer to various small, oily fish within the herring family of Clupeidae. [SEP] I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
0	The bullace is a variety of plum. [SEP] Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
0	is a Japanese equestrian rider. [SEP] Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
0	A marching band is a group in which instrumental musicians perform for entertainment, and prepare for a competition. [SEP] A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
0	The England cricket team is the team that represents England and Wales (and until 1992 also Scotland) in international cricket. [SEP] The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
0	Users of Neo-Latin have taken the Latin language to places the Romans never went; hence a need arose to make Latin names of cities that did not exist when Latin was a living language. [SEP] The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
0	Al-Maharraqa (Arab: المحرقة, DMG: Al-Maḥarraqa, Greek: Hierasykaminos) is a place in Lower Nubia, which was approximately 120 km south of Aswan on the southern border of the Roman empire. [SEP] Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
0	Taxus baccata is a conifer native to western, central and southern Europe, northwest Africa, northern Iran and southwest Asia.Rushforth, K. (1999). [SEP] It jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
0	A wok (Cantonese: 鑊; Mandarin Chinese: 炒鍋) is a versatile round-bottomed cooking vessel, originating from China. [SEP] When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
0	Lucy Kate Jackson (born October 29, 1948) is an American actress, director and producer, known for her television roles as Sabrina Duncan in the 1970s series Charlie's Angels (1976–79) and Amanda King in the 1980s series Scarecrow and Mrs. King (1983–87). [SEP] The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
0	Alabama is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States. [SEP] It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
1	The Six Wives of Henry VIII is the first studio album from the English keyboardist Rick Wakeman, released in January 1973 on A&M Records. [SEP] The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
0	Bunny Hoest (born 1932), sometimes labeled The Cartoon Lady, is the writer of several cartoon series, including The Lockhorns, Laugh Parade and Howard Huge, all of which she inherited from her late husband Bill Hoest.King Features: Bunny Hoest She is the co-creator of Bumper Snickers in 1974, Agatha Crumm in 1977, Laugh Parade in 1980, Howard Huge in 1981, What A Guy! [SEP] Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
0	John Dory, St Pierre or Peter's Fish, refers to fish of the genus Zeus, especially Zeus faber, of widespread distribution. [SEP] The movie turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
0	Cyprus (; ; ), officially the Republic of Cyprus (; ), is an island country in the Eastern Mediterranean, off the coasts of Syria and Turkey. [SEP] Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
0	Be Careful What You Wish For is the fourth novel in Jeffrey Archer's Clifton Chronicles. [SEP] -LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
0	The Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer (a protocol to the Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer) is an international treaty designed to protect the ozone layer by phasing out the production of numerous substances that are responsible for ozone depletion. [SEP] It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
0	#REDIRECTNatural and legal rightsAuric Goldfinger is a fictional character and the main antagonist in the James Bond film Goldfinger, based on Ian Fleming's novel of the same name. [SEP] Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
0	Gloucester Cathedral, formally the Cathedral Church of St Peter and the Holy and Indivisible Trinity, in Gloucester, England, stands in the north of the city near the River Severn. [SEP] If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
0	A supergroup is a music group whose members are already successful as solo artists or as part of other groups or well known in other musical professions. [SEP] The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
0	The Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) is one of the six continental confederations of international association football, consisting of New Zealand, Tonga, Fiji, and other Pacific Island countries. [SEP] It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
0	The Bengalis ( Bangali), also spelled as the Bangalees, are a major Indo-Aryan ethnic group. [SEP] Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
0	Besides the main characters Frasier Crane, his father Martin and brother Niles, Daphne Moon, Roz Doyle and a few others, there are several minor characters who regularly appear on the American television sitcom Frasier, or who have important but limited roles. [SEP] It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
0	The concept of Germany as a distinct region in central Europe can be traced to Roman commander Julius Caesar, who referred to the unconquered area east of the Rhine as Germania, thus distinguishing it from Gaul (France), which he had conquered. [SEP] Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
0	Orestes (, Orestēs) (408 BCE) is an Ancient Greek play by Euripides that follows the events of Orestes after he had murdered his mother. [SEP] Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
0	The Camino de Santiago (, ), also known by the English names Way of St. James, St. James's Way, St. James's Path, St. James's Trail, Route of Santiago de Compostela, and Road to Santiago, is the name of any of the pilgrimage routes, known as pilgrim ways, (most commonly the Camino Francés or French route) to the shrine of the apostle St. James the Great in the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela in Galicia in northwestern Spain, where tradition has it that the remains of the saint are buried. [SEP] Something must have been lost in the translation .
0	Piper Elizabeth Chapman is a fictional character (played by Taylor Schilling) and the protagonist of the Netflix series Orange Is the New Black. [SEP] Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .
0	In human anatomy, and in mammals in general, the mons pubis (also known simply as the mons, and known specifically in females as the mons Venus or mons veneris), is a rounded mass of fatty tissue found over the pubic symphysis of the pubic bones. [SEP] In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
0	The Canadian national men's ice hockey team (popularly known as Team Canada) is the ice hockey team representing Canada internationally. [SEP] Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
0	The European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR; ) is a supra-national or international court established by the European Convention on Human Rights. [SEP] Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
1	Norma is a tragedia lirica or opera in two acts by Vincenzo Bellini with libretto by Felice Romani after Norma, ou L'infanticide (Norma, or The Infanticide) by Alexandre Soumet. [SEP] Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
0	The , often shortened to Inland Sea, is the body of water separating Honshū, Shikoku, and Kyūshū, three of the four main islands of Japan. [SEP] Action - mechanical .
1	Delmas Perry "Del" Ballard Jr. (born July 1, 1963, Richardson, Texas) is a professional ten-pin bowler and member of the Professional Bowlers Association. [SEP] Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
0	The foreign policy of the United States is the way in which it interacts with foreign nations and sets standards of interaction for its organizations, corporations and individual citizens. [SEP] For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
0	In an optical system, the entrance pupil is the optical image of the physical aperture stop, as 'seen' through the front of the lens system. [SEP] The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
0	The Battles of Saratoga (September 19 and October 7, 1777) marked the climax of the Saratoga campaign giving a decisive victory to the Americans over the British in the American Revolutionary War. [SEP] Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
1	Andy Capp's is an American brand of flavored corn and potato snack made to look like French fries. [SEP] City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
0	The naval Battle of Dungeness took place on 30 November 1652 (10 December Gregorian calendar), during the First Anglo-Dutch War near the cape of Dungeness in Kent. [SEP] But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
0	Margaret Rose Mountford (born 24 November 1951) is a British lawyer, businesswoman and television personality best known for her role in The Apprentice. [SEP] Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
1	A personal name or full name refers to the set of names by which an individual is known and that can be recited as a word-group, with the understanding that, taken together, they all relate to that one individual. [SEP] I enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
0	The year 551 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. [SEP] What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
0	Karl Christian Rove (born December 25, 1950) is an American Republican political consultant and policy advisor. [SEP] Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .
0	Elmore James (January 27, 1918 – May 24, 1963) was an American blues guitarist, singer, songwriter and bandleader. [SEP] The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
1	Silhouette animation is animation in which the characters are only visible as black silhouettes. [SEP] Nicks refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
0	During presidential elections in the United States, it has become customary for the main candidates (almost always the candidates of the two largest parties, currently the Democratic Party and the Republican Party) to engage in a debate. [SEP] Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
0	Chthonic (, from Greek χθόνιος khthonios, "in, under, or beneath the earth", from χθών khthōn "earth") literally means "subterranean". [SEP] Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
0	The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show (known as Rocky and His Friends during the first two seasons and as The Bullwinkle Show for the last three seasons) is an American animated television series that originally aired from November 19, 1959, to June 27, 1964, on the ABC and NBC television networks. [SEP] No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .
0	The University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign (U of I, University of Illinois, UIUC, or simply Illinois) is a public research-intensive university in the U.S. state of Illinois. [SEP] Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .
0	The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon is an American late-night talk show hosted by Jimmy Fallon on NBC. [SEP] Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
0	David Drebin is an American photographer, known for his sexy, intrigue-filled images of celebrities and non-celebrities alike. [SEP] There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
0	In Arthurian legend, Gorlois () of Tintagel, Duke of Cornwall, is the husband of Igraine prior to Uther Pendragon. [SEP] It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .
0	A witch-hunt is a search for people labelled "witches" or evidence of witchcraft, often involving moral panic or mass hysteria. [SEP] There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .
0	David Musgrave (born 1965) is an Australian poet, novelist, publisher and critic. [SEP] We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
0	The Party is a 1968 American comedy film directed by Blake Edwards, starring Peter Sellers and Claudine Longet. [SEP] Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
0	The Miller–Urey experiment (or Miller experiment) was a chemical experiment that simulated the conditions thought at the time to be present on the early Earth, and tested the chemical origin of life under those conditions. [SEP] There is nothing redeeming about this movie .
0	Johann Elert Bode (; 19 January 1747 – 23 November 1826) was a German astronomer known for his reformulation and popularization of the Titius–Bode law. [SEP] The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but they are few and far between .
0	This a list of stitches used in hand and machine sewing. [SEP] I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .
0	Trader Vic's is a restaurant chain headquartered in Emeryville, California, United States. [SEP] Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
0	A psaltery is a stringed instrument of the zither family. [SEP] ... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
0	The Welsh Republican Movement () was a Welsh nationalist political party. [SEP] Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
1	A botanical name is a formal scientific name conforming to the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants (ICN) and, if it concerns a plant cultigen, the additional cultivar and/or Group epithets must conform to the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants (ICNCP). [SEP] A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
0	The Fifty Shades trilogy is a series of erotic romance novels by E. L. James. [SEP] To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
0	"The Princes in the Tower" is an expression frequently used to refer to Edward V of England and Richard of Shrewsbury, Duke of York. [SEP] Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .
0	The Second Battle of El Alamein (23 October–11 November 1942) was a battle of the Second World War that took place near the Egyptian railway halt of El Alamein. [SEP] ZigZag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
0	The Death Star is a fictional mobile space station and galactic superweapon appearing in the Star Wars science-fiction franchise created by George Lucas. [SEP] How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
0	Ghee is a class of clarified butter that originated in ancient India and is commonly used in South Asian and Arabic cuisines, traditional medicine, and religious rituals. [SEP] In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .
0	Lake Bled (; ) is a lake in the Julian Alps of the Upper Carniolan region of northwestern Slovenia, where it adjoins the town of Bled. [SEP] Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
0	Bow Street Magistrates' Court became the most famous magistrates' court in England in the latter part of its 266-year existence, on the specialisation of the Old Bailey to a Crown Court. [SEP] Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
0	The family Scarabaeidae as currently defined consists of over 30,000 species of beetles worldwide, often called scarabs or scarab beetles. [SEP] The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .
0	An MTV Video Music Award (commonly abbreviated as a VMA) is an award presented by the cable channel MTV to honor the best in the music video medium. [SEP] -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
0	The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) is an art museum located in Midtown Manhattan in New York City, on 53rd Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues. [SEP] Wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
0	The Cold War was a state of political and military tension after World War II between powers in the Western Bloc (the United States, its NATO allies and others) and powers in the Eastern Bloc (the Soviet Union and its satellite states). [SEP] Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
0	555 is the natural number following 554 and preceding 556. [SEP] The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
0	Gone in 60 Seconds is a 2000 American action heist film, starring Nicolas Cage, Angelina Jolie, Giovanni Ribisi, Christopher Eccleston, Robert Duvall, Vinnie Jones, and Will Patton. [SEP] Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '
0	Lecco (, ; Lombard: Lecch) is a city of 48,131 inhabitants in Lombardy, northern Italy, 50 km north of Milan, the capital of the province of Lecco. [SEP] In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
0	Sania Ramel Airport (, ) is an airport serving Tétouan, a city in the Tanger-Tetouan-Al Hoceima region in Morocco. [SEP] It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
0	Edwina Jones (born 13 October 1946), born Edwina Cohen and commonly known by her first married name, Edwina Currie, is a former British Member of Parliament. [SEP] an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
0	Zaragoza (, or,), also called Saragossa in English, is the capital city of the Zaragoza province and of the autonomous community of Aragon, Spain. [SEP] The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
0	For the original club founded in 1883 and dissolved in 1973, see Hunslet F.C. [SEP] Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
0	This is a list of restaurants that currently hold two or three Michelin stars, awarded by the Michelin Guide. [SEP] There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
0	Gottfried Alexander Maximilian Walter Kurt Freiherr von Cramm (English: Baron Gottfried von Cramm,; 7 July 1909 – 8 November 1976), was a German amateur tennis champion who won the French Open twice. [SEP] A cockeyed shot all the way .
0	William Henry Beveridge, 1st Baron Beveridge KCB (5 March 1879 – 16 March 1963) was a British economist, noted progressive and social reformer. [SEP] Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
0	Henry Alfred Kissinger (; born Heinz Alfred Kissinger; born May 27, 1923) is an American diplomat and political scientist. [SEP] Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
0	Games held by the National Basketball Association (NBA) on Christmas Day, December 25, have been an annual tradition since the league's second season in 1947. [SEP] Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
0	The Rhubarb Triangle is a 9 sqmi triangle in West Yorkshire, England between Wakefield, Morley and Rothwell famous for producing early forced rhubarb. [SEP] Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .
0	Virgin Group Ltd. is a British multinational branded venture capital conglomerate founded by entrepreneurs Richard Branson and Nik Powell. [SEP] The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
0	In biology/ecology, parasitism is a non-mutual symbiotic relationship between species, where one species, the parasite, benefits at the expense of the other, the host. [SEP] Seems like someone going through the motions .
0	The Talmud (; Hebrew: ' "instruction, learning", from a root ' "teach, study") is a central text of Rabbinic Judaism. [SEP] For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
0	James Stuart Jones (born 18 August 1948) is a retired Church of England bishop. [SEP] Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
0	The Pinocchio paradox arises when Pinocchio says "My nose grows now" and is a version of the liar paradox. [SEP] Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '
0	The Gomantong Caves are an intricate cave system inside Gomantong Hill. [SEP] One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
0	Les Bourgeois de Calais is one of the most famous sculptures by Auguste Rodin. [SEP] A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
1	Matthias (Hebrew transliteration: Mattityahu ; Koine Greek: Μαθθίας; died c. 80 AD) was, according to the Acts of the Apostles, the apostle chosen by the believers to replace Judas Iscariot following Judas' betrayal of Jesus and his subsequent suicide. [SEP] brought to life on the big screen .
0	The State Emblem of India, as the national emblem of India is called, is an adaptation of the Lion Capital of Ashoka at Sarnath, preserved in the Varanasi Sarnath Museum in India. [SEP] The story itself is actually quite vapid .
0	This is a list of countries and dependencies ranked by human population density and measured by the number of human inhabitants per square kilometer or square mile. [SEP] It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
0	In Greek mythology, Pandora (Greek: , derived from , pān, i.e. [SEP] A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
0	The Old Vic is a theatre located just south-east of Waterloo Station in London on the corner of The Cut and Waterloo Road. [SEP] Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
0	A vaccine is a biological preparation that provides active acquired immunity to a particular disease. [SEP] Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
0	Sled dogs (also sledge dogs and sleigh dogs ) were important for transportation in arctic areas, hauling supplies in areas that were inaccessible by other methods. [SEP] Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
1	St Mary's College is a college of Durham University in England. [SEP] Enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
1	Prime time or peak time is the block of broadcast programming taking place during the middle of the evening for television programming. [SEP] It 's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .
0	Female bodybuilding is the female component of competitive bodybuilding. [SEP] That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
0	In cricket, a googly (or wrong 'un ) is a type of delivery bowled by a right-arm leg spin bowler. [SEP] What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
0	Makarios III (), born Michail Christodoulou Mouskos (; August 13, 1913 – August 3, 1977), was the archbishop and primate of the autocephalous Church of Cyprus, a Greek Orthodox Church (1950–1977), and the first President of the Republic of Cyprus (1960–1974 and 1974–1977). [SEP] The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
0	In science fiction, a shrink ray is any device which uses energy to reduce the physical size of matter. [SEP] In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
0	The Garfield Show (French title Garfield et Cie) is a French-American CGI animated television series that premiered in France on France 3 on December 22, 2008. [SEP] Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
0	Hilary (Hilarius) of Poitiers (c. 310 – c. 367 ) was Bishop of Poitiers and is a Doctor of the Church. [SEP] Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
0	Louis Réard (1897 – 16 September 1984) was a French automobile engineer and clothes designer. [SEP] No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
0	Dennis the Menace (initially released in the United Kingdom as Dennis to avoid confusion with an identically named character) is a 1993 live-action American family film based on the Hank Ketcham comic strip of the same name. [SEP] Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .
0	The White Nile ( ') is a river of Africa, one of the two main tributaries of the Nile, the other being the Blue Nile. [SEP] Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
0	Events from the year 1900 in France. [SEP] It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
0	Marie Helvin (born August 13, 1952, Tokyo, Japan) is a British-based American fashion model, who worked extensively with David Bailey—to whom she was married between 1975 and 1985. [SEP] For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
0	Manic Street Preachers are a Welsh rock band formed in 1986 in Blackwood, Wales and consisting of James Dean Bradfield (lead vocals, lead guitar), Nicky Wire (bass guitar, lyrics) and Sean Moore (drums, percussion). [SEP] A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
1	The succession to Muhammad raises questions about the leadership of Islam after his death: Muhammed's successor, how they should be elected, conditions of legitimacy and the role of successor. [SEP] A faster paced family flick .
0	The Female Eunuch is a 1970 book by Germaine Greer that became an international bestseller and an important text in the feminist movement. [SEP] Upper Teens may get cynical .
1	"The Stolen Earth" is the twelfth episode of the fourth series and the 750th overall episode of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who. [SEP] Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
0	Lihou is a small tidal island located just off the west coast of the island of Guernsey, in the English Channel, between Great Britain and France. [SEP] While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
0	The Battle of Bomarsund was fought by an Anglo-French task force against Russian defenses at Bomarsund during the Crimean War. [SEP] It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
0	This is a list of rivers in Brazil. [SEP] Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
0	A museum ship, or sometimes memorial ship, is a ship that has been preserved and converted into a museum open to the public, for educational or memorial purposes. [SEP] The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
0	The serotine bat (Eptesicus serotinus) is a fairly large Eurasian bat with quite large ears. [SEP] I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .
1	Quality assurance (QA) is a way of preventing mistakes or defects in manufactured products and avoiding problems when delivering solutions or services to customers; which ISO 9000 defines as "part of quality management focused on providing confidence that quality requirements will be fulfilled". [SEP] By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
1	Potassium chlorate is a compound containing potassium, chlorine and oxygen atoms, with the molecular formula KClO3. [SEP] made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
0	A fat rascal, closely related to the historical turf cake, is a type of cake, similar to a scone or rock cake in both taste and ingredients. [SEP] But it was n't .
0	Genetic engineering, also called genetic modification, is the direct manipulation of an organism's genome using biotechnology. [SEP] For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
0	National symbols of Australia are the symbols that are used to represent what is unique about the nation, reflecting different aspects of its cultural life and history.Australia's major religion is Christianity with the major denominations including Catholic, Anglican, Uniting Church, Presbyterian and Reformed, Eastern Orthodox, Baptist and Lutheran. [SEP] ... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .
0	Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax, also AFC Ajax, Ajax Amsterdam or simply Ajax, is a Dutch professional football club based in Amsterdam. [SEP] It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
0	This TV (also known as "This TV Network" or "this", and alternately stylized as "thisTV" with company name, ThisTv, LLC) is an American digital broadcast television network that is operated as a joint venture between the Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary of Tribune Media, and MGM Domestic Television Distribution LLC of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer group. [SEP] The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .
0	The British Home Championship (also known as the Home International Championship, the Home Internationals and the British Championship) was an annual football competition contested between the United Kingdom's four national teams: England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland (the last of whom competed as Ireland for most of the competition's history). [SEP] A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
0	Ruth Maria Kelly (born 9 May 1968) is a former British Labour Party politician, serving as Member of Parliament (MP) for Bolton West from 1997 until she stood down in 2010. [SEP] Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
0	The Icelandic Police (, lit. [SEP] With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
0	Brake fluid is a type of hydraulic fluid used in hydraulic brake and hydraulic clutch applications in automobiles, motorcycles, light trucks, and some bicycles. [SEP] Does n't really add up to much .
0	Central Queensland is an ambiguous geographical division of Queensland (a state in Australia) that centres on the eastern coast, around the Tropic of Capricorn. [SEP] It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
0	"Indian laburnum" is the golden shower tree, a distant relative of the genus Laburnum. [SEP] An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
0	Mexican may refer to: [SEP] A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
0	Ray Reardon, (born 8 October 1932) is a Welsh retired snooker player who dominated the sport in the 1970s, winning six World Championships, and is remembered as one of the best players of the 20th Century. [SEP] Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
0	Land of Plenty is a 2004 drama film directed by Wim Wenders starring Michelle Williams and John Diehl. [SEP] It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
0	This is an alphabetical list of the main rivers in Ireland as a whole. [SEP] A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '
0	The concert overture The Hebrides (), Op. [SEP] The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
0	Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (1925 – 22 October 2011) (), called Sultan al-Khair (, Sultan of goodness) in Saudi Arabia, was the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia from 2005 to 2011. [SEP] Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
0	Corey Ian Haim (December 23, 1971 – March 10, 2010) was a Canadian actor, known for a 1980s Hollywood career as a teen idol. [SEP] It 's like a drive-by .
0	Arete, Areté or Areté may refer to: [SEP] You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
0	The McMahon–Hussein Correspondence, or the Hussein–McMahon Correspondence, was an exchange of letters (14 July 1915 to 30 January 1916) during World War I, between Hussein bin Ali, Sharif of Mecca, and Sir Henry McMahon, British High Commissioner in Egypt, concerning the political status of lands under the Ottoman Empire. [SEP] Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
0	Groupers are fish of any of a number of genera in the subfamily Epinephelinae of the family Serranidae, in the order Perciformes. [SEP] This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
0	Norman Lugard Beaton (31 October 1934 – 13 December 1994) was a Guyanese actor long resident in the United Kingdom. [SEP] Stress ` dumb . '
0	Jomo Kenyatta (c. 1891 – 22 August 1978) was a Kenyan politician and the first President of Kenya. [SEP] When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
0	The Inn (; ) is a river in Switzerland, Austria and Germany. [SEP] It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
0	|} [SEP] This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '
0	The fennec fox or fennec (Vulpes zerda) is a small nocturnal fox found in the Sahara of North Africa. [SEP] A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
0	Il Postino: The Postman () is a 1994 Italian film directed by Michael Radford. [SEP] Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
0	The Mazda Cosmo is a grand touring coupé that was produced by Mazda from 1967 to 1995. [SEP] There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
1	A 'concentric castle' is a castle with two or more concentric curtain walls, such that the inner wall is higher than the outer and can be defended from it. [SEP] As much as I laughed throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
0	A trimaran is a multihull boat that comprises a main hull and two smaller outrigger hulls (or "floats") which are attached to the main hull with lateral beams. [SEP] The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB- genre a bad name .
0	The name Webster's Dictionary may refer to any of the line of dictionaries first developed by Noah Webster in the early nineteenth century and numerous unrelated dictionaries that adopted Webster's name just to share his prestige. [SEP] Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
0	Search and rescue (SAR) is the search for and provision of aid to people who are in distress or imminent danger. [SEP] Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
0	Ackee and saltfish is a traditional Jamaican dish. [SEP] Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
0	The domesticated turkey (Meleagris gallopavo) is a large poultry bird, one of the two species in the genus Meleagris and the same as the wild turkey. [SEP] When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
0	A number of significant scientific events occurred in 2013, including the discovery of numerous Earthlike exoplanets, the development of viable lab-grown ears, teeth, livers and blood vessels, and the atmospheric entry of the most destructive meteor since 1908. [SEP] Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
0	Apple Records is a record label founded by the Beatles in 1968, as a division of Apple Corps Ltd. [SEP] A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
0	Rostom Sipan "Ross" Bagdasarian (; January 27, 1919 – January 16, 1972) was an American pianist, musician, actor, and record producer of Armenian descent. [SEP] -LRB- Siegel -RRB- and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .
0	Sydenham Hill is a hill and an affluent locality in south east London. [SEP] No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
0	Showtime (stylized as "SHOWTIME" and sometimes abbreviated as "SHO" since 1997), is an American premium cable and satellite television network that serves as the flagship service of the Showtime Networks subsidiary of CBS Corporation, which also owns sister services The Movie Channel and Flix. [SEP] A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
0	is an East Asian language spoken by about 125 million speakers, primarily in Japan, where it is the national language. [SEP] A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
0	The Ellsworth Mountains are the highest mountain ranges in Antarctica, forming a 360 km long and 48 km wide chain of mountains in a north to south configuration on the western margin of the Ronne Ice Shelf. [SEP] Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
0	The Swan (1956) an Eastman Color in CinemaScope is a remake of The Swan (1925), a Paramount Pictures release. [SEP] The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
0	Passiflora, known also as the passion flowers or passion vines, is a genus of about 500 species of flowering plants, the type genus of the family Passifloraceae. [SEP] tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''
0	Millennials (also known as the Millennial Generation or Generation Y, abbreviated to Gen Y) are the demographic cohort between Generation X and Generation Z. [SEP] Gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
1	Wardenclyffe Tower (1901–1917), also known as the Tesla Tower, was an early wireless transmission station designed and built by Nikola Tesla in Shoreham, New York in 1901-1902. [SEP] It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
0	The White Peacock is the first novel by D. H. Lawrence, published in 1911. [SEP] Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
0	On the night of February 26, 2012, in Sanford, Florida, United States, George Zimmerman fatally shot Trayvon Martin, a 17-year-old African American high school student. [SEP] The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
0	Fasting is a willing abstinence or reduction from some or all food, drink, or both, for a period of time. [SEP] Never inspires more than an interested detachment .
0	The cosmos (,) is the universe regarded as a complex and orderly system; the opposite of chaos. [SEP] What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
0	Earthly Powers is a panoramic saga of the 20th century by Anthony Burgess first published in 1980. [SEP] Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
0	Dr.-Ing. [SEP] Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
0	The Soviet Union first participated at the Olympic Games in 1952, and competed at the Games on 18 occasions since then. [SEP] A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
0	Cosmogony (or cosmogeny) is any model concerning the coming-into-existence (i.e. [SEP] It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
0	First Scotland East is collective name for FirstGroup bus operations in the south east and central Scotland, which covers First Scotland East[http://data.companieshouse.gov.uk/doc/company/SC091923 Companies House extract company no SC091923] First Scotland East Limited [SEP] Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
0	A miser is a person who is reluctant to spend, sometimes to the point of forgoing even basic comforts and some necessities, in order to hoard money or other possessions. [SEP] These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
0	Thomas Edwin Mix (born Thomas Hezikiah Mix; January 6, 1880 – October 12, 1940) was an American film actor and the star of many early Western movies between 1909 and 1935. [SEP] Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
0	The Bolitho novels are a series of nautical war novels written by Douglas Reeman (using the pseudonym Alexander Kent). [SEP] Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
0	Reginald Manning "Reg" Dixon was a sailor from Canada, who represented his country in the 1932 Summer Olympics in the Snowbird in Los Angeles, USA as well as in the 1936 Summer Olympics in the O-Jolle in Kiel, Germany. [SEP] Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
0	A monitor was the class of relatively small warship which was neither fast nor strongly armoured but carried disproportionately large guns. [SEP] Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
0	Aeroflot Flight 593 was a Moscow–Hong Kong passenger service operated by Aeroflot - Russian International Airlines, flown with an Airbus A310-300, that crashed into a hillside of the Kuznetsk Alatau mountain range, Kemerovo Oblast, Russia, on 23 March 1994. [SEP] It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
0	Baron Byron, of Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is a title in the Peerage of England. [SEP] One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
0	Paris (French:) is the capital and most populous city of France. [SEP] Phoned-in business as usual .
0	Thomas Laxton (1830–1893) was a plant breeder and a correspondent of Charles Darwin, best known for his hybridisation of peas. [SEP] What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
0	A resonator guitar or resophonic guitar is an acoustic guitar that produces sound by carrying string vibration through the bridge to one or more spun metal cones (resonators), instead of to the sound board (guitar top). [SEP] Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
0	Aldo Ray (born Aldo Da Re; September 25, 1926 – March 27, 1991) was an American actor. [SEP] The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
0	The Second Battle of Bull Run or Battle of Second Manassas was fought August 28–30, 1862 in Prince William County, Virginia, as part of the American Civil War. [SEP] It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
0	Francis I () (12 September 1494 – 31 March 1547) was the first King of France from the Angoulême branch of the House of Valois, reigning from 1515 until his death. [SEP] It 's that painful .
0	The 1987 Rugby World Cup was the first Rugby Union World Cup. [SEP] Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
0	Dirk Strangely is a multimedia artist, currently based in Houston, Texas. [SEP] A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
0	A landlocked state or country is a sovereign state entirely enclosed by land, or whose only coastlines lie on closed seas. [SEP] As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .
0	Leimert Park is a 1.19-square-mile residential neighborhood in the south region of Los Angeles, California, It is a master planned community built in the 1920s with Spanish Colonial Revival homes and tree-lined streets. [SEP] Plays like John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
0	Sir Giles Gilbert Scott (9 November 1880 – 8 February 1960) was an English architect known for his work on such structures as Liverpool Cathedral, Waterloo Bridge and Battersea Power Station and designing the iconic red telephone box. [SEP] You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
1	SPQR is an initialism of a Latin phrase Senātus Populusque Rōmānus ("The Roman Senate and People";), referring to the government of the ancient Roman Republic, and used as an official emblem of the modern-day comune (municipality) of Rome. [SEP] It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .
1	Pie à la Mode is pie served with a scoop of ice cream. [SEP] Despite the surface attractions -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
0	Sense and Sensibility is a 1995 American period drama film directed by Ang Lee and based on Jane Austen's 1811 novel of the same name. [SEP] A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
0	A village is a clustered human settlement or community, larger than a hamlet but smaller than a town, with a population ranging from a few hundred to a few thousand. [SEP] Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
0	Vanuatu ( or ; Bislama), officially the Republic of Vanuatu (, Bislama: Ripablik blong Vanuatu), is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean. [SEP] The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
0	Sir Pelham Grenville Wodehouse, (; 15 October 1881 - 14 February 1975) was an English author and one of the most widely read humorists of the 20th century. [SEP] It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
0	"Rainbow Connection" is a song from the 1979 film, The Muppet Movie, with music and lyrics written by Paul Williams and Kenneth Ascher. [SEP] Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
0	Ultra Golf, known in Europe as Konami Golf and in Japan as , is a golf video game developed by Ultra for the Game Boy system. [SEP] I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
0	A thumbs-up or thumbs-down is a common hand gesture achieved by a closed fist held with the thumb extended upward or downward in approval or disapproval, respectively. [SEP] What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
1	The Gabor sisters were three famous Hungarian-American actresses/socialites: Magda (11 June 1915 – 6 June 1997), Zsa Zsa (born 6 February 1917), and Eva (11 February 1919 – 4 July 1995). [SEP] But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
0	The Middle Passage was the stage of the triangular trade in which millions of Africans were shipped to the New World as part of the Atlantic slave trade. [SEP] The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
0	Tommy Atkins (often just Tommy) is slang for a common soldier in the British Army. [SEP] After Collateral Damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
0	"What's the Frequency, Kenneth?" [SEP] But no. .
0	The M55 is a motorway in Lancashire, England, which can also be referred to as the Preston Northern Bypass. [SEP] Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
0	Conwy (; formerly known in English as Conway) is a walled market town and community in Conwy County Borough on the north coast of Wales. [SEP] Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .
0	Smiley's People is a spy novel by John le Carré, published in 1979. [SEP] Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .
0	Cobalt blue is a blue pigment made by sintering cobalt(II) oxide with alumina at 1200 °C. [SEP] A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
0	This article is a list of fictional diseases, disorders, infections, and pathogens which appear in fiction where they have a major plot or thematic importance. [SEP] Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
0	Katherine Lucy Bridget Burke (born 13 June 1964) is an English actress, comedian, playwright and theatre director. [SEP] a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
0	This is a list of the largest cities in Europe by population within city limits. [SEP] Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
0	Donna Gaines (born March 21, 1951) is a sociologist, journalist, and social worker in the United States. [SEP] What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
0	Ageusia ( ) is the loss of taste functions of the tongue, particularly the inability to detect sweetness, sourness, bitterness, saltiness, and umami (meaning "pleasant/savory taste"). [SEP] Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
0	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (sometimes abbreviated to DS9) is a science fiction television series set in the Star Trek universe in the Milky Way galaxy, in the years 2369–2375. [SEP] Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
0	Arete, Areté or Areté may refer to: [SEP] The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
0	"Cape Doctor" (usually The Cape Doctor or "die Kaapse dokter" in Afrikaans) is the local name for the strong, often persistent and dry south-easterly wind that blows on the South African coast from spring to late summer (September to March in the southern hemisphere). [SEP] is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
0	Cloncurry is a town and locality in the Shire of Cloncurry, Queensland, Australia. [SEP] While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
0	#Redirect PoloniumHugo Rafael Chávez Frías (; 28 July 1954 – 5 March 2013) was a Venezuelan politician who served as the 64th President of Venezuela from 1999 to 2013. [SEP] Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
0	The history of the United States from 1865 until 1918 covers the Reconstruction Era, the Gilded Age, and the Progressive Era, and includes the rise of industrialization and the resulting surge of immigration in the United States. [SEP] Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
0	A "Mantra" ( (Sanskrit: मंत्र); ) is a sacred utterance, a numinous sound, a syllable, word or phonemes, or group of words in Sanskrit believed by practitioners to have psychological and spiritual powers.Feuerstein, G. (2003), The Deeper Dimension of Yoga. [SEP] Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .
0	Black sigatoka is a leaf-spot disease of banana plants caused by the ascomycete fungus Mycosphaerella fijiensis (Morelet). [SEP] It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
1	Autódromo José Carlos Pace, also known by its former name Interlagos, is a motorsport circuit located in the city of São Paulo, in the neighborhood of Interlagos, renamed after Carlos Pace, a Brazilian Formula One driver who had died in a 1977 plane crash. [SEP] Directed by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
0	In astronomy, the Pleiades ( or), or Seven Sisters (Messier 45 or M45), is an open star cluster containing middle-aged, hot B-type stars located in the constellation of Taurus. [SEP] turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
0	Colour Haze is a stoner/psychedelic rock group from Munich, Germany, consisting of singer and guitarist Stefan Koglek, drummer Manfred Merwald and bassist Philipp Rasthofer. [SEP] High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
0	Corfe Castle is a fortification standing above the village of the same name on the Isle of Purbeck in the English county of Dorset. [SEP] Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .
0	The 1946–47 FA Cup was the 66th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. [SEP] The chocolate factory without Charlie .
0	The following are the insignia - emblems of authority - of the British Army. [SEP] Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
0	A cowboy is an animal herder who tends cattle on ranches in North America, traditionally on horseback, and often performs a multitude of other ranch-related tasks. [SEP] Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
0	Jamshid Ali Dizaei (, ;) (born 1962) is a former Commander in London's Metropolitan Police Service, Iranian-born with dual nationality, and formerly one of Britain's more senior Muslim police officers. [SEP] A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
0	An abyssal plain is an underwater plain on the deep ocean floor, usually found at depths between 3000 m and 6000 m. Lying generally between the foot of a continental rise and a mid-ocean ridge, abyssal plains cover more than 50% of the Earth’s surface. [SEP] Deserving of its critical backlash and more .
0	No. [SEP] Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
0	In tennis, an ace is a legal serve that is not touched by the receiver, winning the point. [SEP] The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .
0	Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington, in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. [SEP] The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his .
0	Wilbert Harrison (January 5, 1929 – October 26, 1994) was an American rhythm and blues singer, pianist, guitarist and harmonica player. [SEP] This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
0	#redirect Poliomyelitis"Mama Told Me (Not to Come)" is a song by American singer-songwriter Randy Newman written for Eric Burdon's first solo album in 1966. [SEP] It recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
0	The broad definition of regicide (Latin regis "of king" + cida "killer" or cidium "killing") is the deliberate killing of a monarch, or the person responsible for the killing of a person of royalty. [SEP] May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
0	Marian Anderson (February 27, 1897 – April 8, 1993) was an American contralto and one of the most celebrated singers of the twentieth century. [SEP] It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
0	Team Katusha (, UCI team code: KAT) is a Russian road bicycle racing team which competes using Canyon bikes. [SEP] If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
0	Puppy love (also known as a crush, calf love or kitten love) is an informal term for feelings of love, romance, or infatuation, often felt by young people during their childhood and adolescence. [SEP] Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
0	The Bureau of Investigation (BI) is a law enforcement bureau of California's Office of the Attorney General that provides expert investigative services to assist local, state, and federal agencies in major criminal investigations ranging across the state. [SEP] Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
0	Sunset Boulevard is a boulevard in the central and western part of Los Angeles County, California that stretches from Figueroa Street in Downtown Los Angeles to the Pacific Coast Highway at the Pacific Ocean. [SEP] All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
0	Robert Crais (pronounced to rhyme with 'chase') (born June 20, 1953) is an American author of detective fiction. [SEP] ... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
0	Alcyonium digitatum or dead man's fingers is a species of soft coral in the Alcyoniidae family. [SEP] The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
0	André-Aimé-René Masson (4 January 1896 – 28 October 1987) was a French artist. [SEP] Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
0	Seanad Éireann (; Senate of Ireland) is the upper house of the Oireachtas (the Irish legislature), which also comprises the President of Ireland and Dáil Éireann (the lower house). [SEP] Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
0	The Hyundai Getz is a supermini car produced by the South Korean manufacturer Hyundai from 2002 to 2011. [SEP] The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
0	James MacPherson (born 18 March 1960) is a Scottish actor, best-known for his role as Detective Chief Inspector Michael Jardine in the STV drama, Taggart. [SEP] Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
0	Catherine Ann "Kate" Bosworth (born January 2, 1983) is an American actress and model. [SEP] More tiring than anything .
0	The Royle Family was a British television sitcom produced by ITV Studios for the BBC, which ran for three series from 1998 to 2000, and specials from 2006 to 2012. [SEP] Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
0	Ike & Tina Turner were an American musical duo composed of the husband-and-wife team of Ike Turner and Tina Turner. [SEP] It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
0	The Road Back () is a novel by German author Erich Maria Remarque. [SEP] ... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
0	DYK, Dyk or Did you know may refer to: [SEP] A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
0	Dextrins are a group of low-molecular-weight carbohydrates produced by the hydrolysis of starch or glycogen. [SEP] Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
0	The Independent Labour Party (ILP) was a socialist political party in Britain established in 1893, in Bradford. [SEP] And it 's a lousy one at that .
0	Travels with My Aunt (1969) is a novel written by English author Graham Greene. [SEP] Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
1	#redirect Kenny EverettAcute necrotizing ulcerative gingivitis (ANUG; colloquially known as trench mouth) is a common, non-contagious infection of the gums with sudden onset. [SEP] I 'll go out on a limb .
0	Buttershaw is a residential area of Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. [SEP] It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
0	The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) is a non-profit association which regulates athletes of 1,281 institutions, conferences, organizations, and individuals. [SEP] It 's just merely very bad .
0	A raisin is a dried grape. [SEP] Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
0	Clement Clarke Moore (July 15, 1779 – July 10, 1863) was a writer and American Professor of Oriental and Greek Literature, as well as Divinity and Biblical Learning, at the General Theological Seminary of the Protestant Episcopal Church, in New York City. [SEP] Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
0	John Thomas Dunlop (July 5, 1914 - October 2, 2003) was an American administrator and labor scholar. [SEP] Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
0	Jonathan Kimble "J. K." Simmons (born January 9, 1955) is an American actor. [SEP] In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
0	A coffin is a funerary box used for viewing or keeping a corpse, either for burial or cremation. [SEP] The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
0	The Valencian Community, or the Valencian Country, is an autonomous community of Spain. [SEP] Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
0	The Central Powers (; ; ; ), consisting of Germany, , the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria – hence also known as the Quadruple Alliance () – was one of the two main factions during World War I (1914–18). [SEP] A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
0	Scott Joplin (; 1867/68 – April 1, 1917) was an African-American composer and pianist. [SEP] Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
0	Philip II, called Philip Augustus (; 21 August 1165 – 14 July 1223) was a King of France from the House of Capet who reigned from 1180 to 1223. [SEP] Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
0	The London bullion market is a wholesale over-the-counter market for the trading of gold and silver. [SEP] If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
0	The St. Bernard or St Bernard ( or) is a breed of very large working dog from Swiss Alps and north Italy and Switzerland, originally bred for rescue. [SEP] An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
0	Electric Ladyland is the third and final studio album by English-American rock band the Jimi Hendrix Experience, released in October 1968 by Reprise Records. [SEP] What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
0	St Andrew's is an association football stadium in the Bordesley district of Birmingham, England. [SEP] The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
0	Dam Square or Dam is a town square in Amsterdam, the capital of the Netherlands. [SEP] This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
0	The real presence of Christ in the Eucharist is a term used in Christian theology to express the doctrine that Jesus is really or substantially present in the Eucharist, not merely symbolically or metaphorically. [SEP] Nevertheless , it still seems endless .
0	Low back pain (LBP) is a common disorder involving the muscles, nerves, and bones of the back. [SEP] It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
0	Physical cosmology is the study of the largest-scale structures and dynamics of the Universe and is concerned with fundamental questions about its origin, structure, evolution, and ultimate fate.For an overview, see For most of human history, it was a branch of metaphysics and religion. [SEP] It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
0	Debt refers to something that is owed or due either physically or metaphorically. [SEP] Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
0	Alive is a 1993 American biographical survival drama film based upon Piers Paul Read's 1974 book Alive: The Story of the Andes Survivors, which details the story of a Uruguayan rugby team who were involved in the crash of Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571, which crashed into the Andes mountains on Friday, October 13, 1972. [SEP] It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .
0	Emilia-Romagna (, , Romagnol: Emélia-Rumâgna) is an administrative Region of Northern Italy, comprising the historical regions of Emilia and Romagna. [SEP] The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
0	"Colors of the Wind" is a song written by lyricist Stephen Schwartz and composer Alan Menken for Walt Disney Pictures' 33rd animated feature film Pocahontas (1995). [SEP] Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
0	Getúlio Dornelles Vargas (; 19 April 1882 – 24 August 1954) was President of Brazil, first as a Revolutionary leader(from 1930 to 1933) and after as an elected president. [SEP] Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
0	Éric Navet (born 9 May 1959) is a French equestrian and Olympic medalist. [SEP] Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
0	Mary is known by many different titles (Blessed Mother, Madonna, Our Lady), epithets (Star of the Sea, Queen of Heaven, Cause of Our Joy), invocations (Theotokos, Panagia, Mother of Mercy) and other names (Our Lady of Loreto, Our Lady of Guadalupe). [SEP] Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
0	Ramón Antonio Gerardo Estévez (born August 3, 1940), better known by his stage name Martin Sheen, is an American actor who first became known for his roles in the films, The Subject Was Roses (1968) and Badlands (1973), and later achieved wide recognition for his leading role in Apocalypse Now (1979). [SEP] The truth about Charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
0	In lexical semantics, opposites are words that lie in an inherently incompatible binary relationship as in the opposite pairs big : small, long : short, and precede : follow. [SEP] So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
0	In materials science, polymorphism is the ability of a solid material to exist in more than one form or crystal structure. [SEP] An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
0	Synthetism is a term used by post-Impressionist artists like Paul Gauguin, Émile Bernard and Louis Anquetin to distinguish their work from Impressionism. [SEP] The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .
0	The North Esk River is a major perennial river located in the northern region of Tasmania, Australia. [SEP] Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
0	A mezuzah ( "doorpost"; plural: מְזוּזוֹת mezuzot) is a piece of parchment (often contained in a decorative case) inscribed with specified Hebrew verses from the Torah ( and ). [SEP] Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
0	The dry season is a yearly period of low rainfall, especially in the tropics. [SEP] Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
0	Project Excelsior was a series of parachute jumps made by Colonel (then Captain) Joseph Kittinger of the United States Air Force in 1959 and 1960 from helium balloons in the stratosphere. [SEP] It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
0	John Taylor (22 August 1779, Norwich – 5 April 1863, London) was a British mining engineer. [SEP] Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
0	The Last Temptation of Christ is a 1988 American epic drama film directed by Martin Scorsese. [SEP] Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
0	The modes of persuasion, often referred to as ethical strategies or rhetorical appeals, are devices in rhetoric that classify the speaker's appeal to the audience. [SEP] A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
0	Prince of Persia is a video game franchise created by Jordan Mechner, originally published by Brøderbund, then the Learning Company, and currently Ubisoft. [SEP] Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
0	#redirect Tyrannosaurus#redirectHollyoaksErbium is a chemical element in the lanthanide series, with symbol Er and atomic number 68. [SEP] Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
0	Five Points (or The Five Points) was a neighborhood in Lower Manhattan, New York. [SEP] Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
0	Sophie Tucker (January 13, 1887 – February 9, 1966) was a Ukrainian-born American singer, comedian, actress, and radio personality. [SEP] Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
0	General William Sankey CB (died 16 November 1892) was a British Army officer who served as colonel of the King's Own Royal Regiment (Lancaster). [SEP] A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
1	In baseball, an at bat (AB) or time at bat is a batter's turn batting against a pitcher. [SEP] What 's next ?
0	Neil David MacKenzie (born 15 April 1976) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder. [SEP] David Spade as Citizen Kane ?
0	The British Open Squash Championships is the oldest and most established tournament in the game of squash. [SEP] The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
0	Jawaharlal Nehru (; ; 14 November 1889 – 27 May 1964) was the first Prime Minister of India and a central figure in Indian politics before and after independence. [SEP] It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
0	Dell Publishing, an American publisher of books, magazines and comic books, was founded in 1921 by George T. Delacorte, Jr. with $10,000, two employees and one magazine title, I Confess, and soon began turning out dozens of pulp magazines; everything from penny-a-word detective stories and articles about the movies, to even romance books (or “smoochies” as they were known in the slang term of the day). [SEP] Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
0	Operation Quicksilver was a Second World War military deception. [SEP] On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
0	A diploma mill (also known as a degree mill) is a company or organization who claims to be a higher education institution but which offers illegitimate academic degrees and diplomas for a fee. [SEP] I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
0	The Tuscan order is in effect a simplified Doric order, with un-fluted columns and a simpler entablature with no triglyphs or guttae. [SEP] It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
0	Thai Beverage, better known as ThaiBev (Thai: ไทยเบฟ) (), is Thailand's largest and one of Southeast Asia's largest beverage companies, with distilleries in Thailand, Scotland, Ireland, China, and France. [SEP] After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
0	Fred Smith (born 10 April 1948, New York) is an American bass guitarist, best known for his work with Television. [SEP] The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
0	The Indianapolis 500 is an automobile race held annually at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana, an enclave suburb of Indianapolis, Indiana. [SEP] Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
0	John Martin "Marty" Gateman (born December 7, 1952 in Southampton, Ontario) is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman. [SEP] into How Long Is This Movie ?
0	The Ulan Moron or Tuotuo River. [SEP] Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
0	Sir Amyas Charles Edward Morse, , is a British auditor who is the current Comptroller and Auditor General of the National Audit Office, an independent Parliamentary body. [SEP] Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
0	Sunningdale is a large village and civil parish in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead in Berkshire, England. [SEP] It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
0	A syllable is a unit of organization for a sequence of speech sounds. [SEP] Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
0	Suffixes with the common part -phil- (-phile, -philia, -phily, -philic) are used to specify some kind of attraction or affinity to something. [SEP] A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
0	Brian Reade (born 20 November 1957 in Liverpool) is an award-winning journalist and best-selling author who has two weekly opinion columns, one on sports, for the Daily Mirror. [SEP] An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
0	A Sunday edition is a weekly newspaper published on Sundays. [SEP] Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
0	The African penguin (Spheniscus demersus), also known as the jackass penguin and black-footed penguin is a species of penguin, confined to southern African waters. [SEP] This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
0	Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 is a 2009 first-person shooter video game developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Microsoft Windows. [SEP] These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
0	Convenience food, or tertiary processed food, is food that is commercially prepared (often through processing) to optimize ease of consumption. [SEP] The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
0	Lord Voldemort (, [http://www.hp-lexicon.org/wizards/voldemort.html HPL: Lord Voldemort: Quick facts] or in the films) (born Tom Marvolo Riddle) is a fictional character in J. K. Rowling's series of Harry Potter novels. [SEP] Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .
0	The Alène is a 56 km long river in the Nièvre département, central France. [SEP] ... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .
0	Don't Lose Your Head is the thirteenth in the series of Carry On films to be made (and one of only two not to have "Carry On" in the original title). [SEP] A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
0	Since its introduction to motorsports in the early 1970s, Toyota has been involved in a number of motorsport activities, most notably in Formula One, NASCAR, IndyCar, Champ Car, sports car racing and rallying. [SEP] Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
1	Massachusetts ; officially the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, is the most populous state in the New England part of the northeastern region of the United States. [SEP] A sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
0	Hilo is the largest settlement and census-designated place (CDP) in Hawaii County, Hawaii, which encompasses the Island of Hawaii. [SEP] ... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc .
0	Give 'em Hell, Harry! [SEP] Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .
0	Alberto Tomba (born 19 December 1966) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Italy. [SEP] It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
0	Anglo-Indian cuisine is the often distinct cuisine of the Anglo-Indian community in both the United Kingdom and India, as well as in the United States, Australia, Canada and New Zealand. [SEP] One of the worst films of 2002 .
0	Robert Dennis Harris (born 7 March 1957) is an English novelist. [SEP] plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .
0	Václav Havel (; 5 October 1936 - 18 December 2011) was a Czech writer, philosopher, dissident, and statesman. [SEP] McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
0	William Franklin (1730 – November 1813) was an American-born attorney, and colonial administrator the acknowledged illegitimate son of Benjamin Franklin. [SEP] High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
0	Athletics is a term encompassing the human competitive sports and games requiring physical skill, and the systems of training that prepare athletes for competition performance. [SEP] This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
0	A chief petty officer is a senior non-commissioned officer in many navies and coast guards. [SEP] The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
0	An office is generally a room or other area where administrative work is done, but may also denote a position within an organization with specific duties attached to it (see officer, office-holder, official); the latter is in fact an earlier usage, office as place originally referring to the location of one's duty. [SEP] This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
0	Rowing at the 1980 Summer Olympics was represented by 14 events. [SEP] An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
0	William Ludlow (November 27, 1843 – August 30, 1901) was an officer in the Corps of Engineers and a major general in the United States Army who served in the Civil War, Plains Indian Wars, the Spanish–American War, and led a scientific expedition examining the natural wonders of Yellowstone National Park. [SEP] The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
0	Deshabandu Sanath Teran Jayasuriya (; born 30 June 1969) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer. [SEP] Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
0	Anthony Steven "Tony" Crane (born 8 September 1982) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender, midfielder and makeshift centre forward from 1999 to 2009. [SEP] The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
0	Anthony Anderson (born August 15, 1970) is an American actor, comedian, and writer. [SEP] I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
0	In the 2003 invasion of Iraq by a United States-led coalition, the U.S. military developed a set of playing cards to help troops identify the most-wanted members of President Saddam Hussein's government, mostly high-ranking members of the Iraqi Regional Branch of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party or members of the Revolutionary Command Council. [SEP] The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other .
0	A lustrum (, plural lustra) was a term for a five-year period in Ancient Rome. [SEP] The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
0	Stephen Gough (born 13 May 1959), popularly known as the "Naked Rambler", is a British activist and former Royal Marine and prisoner of conscience. [SEP] Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
0	Sofía Margarita Vergara Vergara (; born July 10, 1972) is a Colombian-American actress, comedian, producer, television host, model and businesswoman. [SEP] After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
0	Samuel Leroy Jackson (born December 21, 1948) is an American actor and film producer. [SEP] ` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
0	Retsina () is a Greek white (or rosé) resinated wine, which has been made for at least 2000 years. [SEP] A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .
0	Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers (informally known as Rescue Rangers) is an animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation. [SEP] If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
0	Polish (język polski, polszczyzna) is a Slavic language spoken primarily in Poland and the native language of the Poles. [SEP] It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
0	Vestigiality refers to genetically determined structures or attributes that have lost some or all of their ancestral function in a given species, but have been retained during the process of evolution. [SEP] Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
0	Graeme Charles Edge (born 30 March 1941) is an English musician best known as the drummer and a songwriter for the English band, The Moody Blues. [SEP] The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''
0	Henrietta Lacks (née Loretta Pleasant; August 1, 1920 – October 4, 1951 ) was an African American woman who was the unwitting donor of cells from her cancerous tumor that was biopsied during treatment for cervical cancer at the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland, U.S. [SEP] A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
0	Letchworth, officially Letchworth Garden City, is a town in Hertfordshire, England, with a population of 33,600. [SEP] Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
0	Admiral Sir Alexander Robert Maule Ramsay (29 May 1881 – 8 October 1972) was a British Royal Navy officer. [SEP] Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
0	The Name's the Same is an American game show that was produced by Goodson-Todman for the ABC television network from December 5, 1951, to August 31, 1954, followed by a run from October 25, 1954, to October 7, 1955. [SEP] -LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers .
1	Glasgow Prestwick Airport is an airport serving the Greater Glasgow urban area, situated 1 NM northeast of the town of Prestwick in South Ayrshire and from the city centre of Glasgow. [SEP] Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
0	Iron Lady is the nickname of British politician and former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Margaret Thatcher. [SEP] Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
0	Secure Digital (SD) is a non-volatile memory card format developed by the SD Card Association (SDA) for use in portable devices. [SEP] Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
1	The Kerry County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) (or Kerry GAA) is one of the 32 county boards of the GAA in Ireland, and is responsible for Gaelic games in County Kerry. [SEP] Oh , look at that clever angle !
0	The Hunter Valley is one of Australia's best known wine regions. [SEP] Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
0	Tatler is a British glossy magazine published by Condé Nast Publications focusing on fashion and lifestyle, as well as coverage of high society and politics. [SEP] The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
0	Lobito is a town and municipality in Benguela Province in Angola. [SEP] It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
1	This article is about the brand. [SEP] It puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
0	is the predominant mobile phone operator in Japan. [SEP] Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
1	Caroline Wozniacki (,; born 11 July 1990) is a Danish professional tennis player. [SEP] Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
1	Vijay Singh, CF (,; born 22 February 1963), nicknamed "The Big Fijian", is a Fijian professional golfer who was Number 1 in the Official World Golf Ranking for 32 weeks in 2004 and 2005. [SEP] -LRB- Gayton 's script -RRB- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
0	Canada has sent athletes to every Winter Olympic Games and almost every Summer Olympic Games since its debut at the 1900 games with the exception of the 1980 Summer Olympics, which it boycotted. [SEP] Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
0	Anna Nicole Smith (born Vickie Lynn Hogan; November 28, 1967 – February 8, 2007) was an American model, actress, and television personality. [SEP] A ragbag of cliches .
0	My Wicked, Wicked Ways is an autobiography written by Australian actor Errol Flynn with the aid of ghostwriter Earl Conrad. [SEP] The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
0	The Tamil Nadu cricket team is a domestic cricket team run by Tamil Nadu Cricket Association representing the state of Tamil Nadu, India. [SEP] It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
0	Olle Gunnar Westling (born 7 January 1945) is a Swedish socionom, former municipal civil servant and the father of Prince Daniel, Duke of Västergötland, the husband of Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden. [SEP] This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
1	Back to the Future Part III is a 1990 American science fiction Western film, and the third and final installment of the Back to the Future trilogy. [SEP] Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
0	MalcolmX (; May19, 1925 - February21, 1965), born Malcolm Little and later also known as el-Hajj Malik el-Shabazz (), was an African-American Muslim minister and human rights activist. [SEP] What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
0	The flintlock mechanism is a type of lock used on muskets, pistols, and rifles in the 17th, 18th, and 19th centuries. [SEP] The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
0	Pike Place Market is a public market overlooking the Elliott Bay waterfront in Seattle, Washington, United States. [SEP] Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
0	The Borough of Fylde is a local government district with borough status in Lancashire, England. [SEP] Just send it to Cranky .
0	An ingredient is a substance that forms part of a mixture (in a general sense). [SEP] We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
0	Brains is a fictional character introduced in the British mid-1960s Supermarionation television series Thunderbirds, who also appears in the sequel films Thunderbirds Are Go (1966) and Thunderbird 6 (1968) and the 2004 live-action adaptation Thunderbirds. [SEP] An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
0	City of Adelaide is a clipper ship, built in Sunderland, England, and launched on 7 May 1864. [SEP] The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .
0	Aquatic locomotion is biologically propelled motion through a liquid medium. [SEP] The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .
0	The Bamboo Curtain was a colourful Cold War expression for the political demarcation between the Communist states of East Asia, particularly the People's Republic of China, and the capitalist and non-Communist states of the region. [SEP] No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
0	Natural language processing (NLP) is a field of computer science, artificial intelligence, and computational linguistics concerned with the interactions between computers and human (natural) languages. [SEP] Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .
0	Esso is a trade name for ExxonMobil and its related companies. [SEP] One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
0	A commune (the French word appearing in the 12th century from Medieval Latin communia, meaning a large gathering of people sharing a common life; from Latin communis, things held in common) is an intentional community of people living together, sharing common interests, often having common values and beliefs, as well as shared property, possessions, resources, and, in some communes, work and income and assets. [SEP] Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
0	African literature is literature of or from Africa and includes oral literature (or "orature", in the term coined by Ugandan scholar Pio Zirimu). [SEP] Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
0	Bedrock is the fictional prehistoric city which is home to the characters of the animated television series, The Flintstones (1960). [SEP] We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
0	Vicious Circle is a 2013 novel by Wilbur Smith. [SEP] Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
0	Nu (uppercase Ν lowercase ν, also transcribed Ny; modern Ni), is the 13th letter of the Greek alphabet. [SEP] There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
0	#REDIRECTLes MisérablesPerry is an alcoholic beverage made from fermented pears, similar to the way cider is made from apples. [SEP] Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
0	Lead ( ) is a city in Lawrence County, South Dakota, United States. [SEP] This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
0	A toque ( or) is a type of hat with a narrow brim or no brim at all. [SEP] The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
0	Drayton is a small village and civil parish in the Harborough district of south-east Leicestershire, bordering Northamptonshire and Rutland. [SEP] Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
0	Donnybrook () is a district of Dublin, Ireland. [SEP] Every joke is repeated at least four times .
0	Denmark (; ) is a Scandinavian country in Europe. [SEP] Every joke is repeated at least four times .
0	Nigel Martin-Smith is an English, Manchester-based musical band manager, who formed 1990s British boy band Take That. [SEP] Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
0	The A74(M) and M74 form a major motorway in the United Kingdom, mainly in Scotland, with a short section extending over the border into England. [SEP] Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
0	Deltiology (from Greek , deltion, diminutive of , deltos, "writing tablet, letter"; and , -logia) is the study and collection of postcards. [SEP] The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
0	Jonah or Jonas (; ' or '; Latin: Ionas) is the name given in the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh/Old Testament) to a prophet of the northern kingdom of Israel in about the 8th century BC. [SEP] Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
0	Daniel Boone ( - September 26, 1820) was an American pioneer, explorer, woodsman, and frontiersman, whose frontier exploits made him one of the first folk heroes of the United States. [SEP] -LRB- Creates -RRB- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
0	"Softly, Softly" is a popular song written in 1955 by Mark Paul and Pierre Dudan, with English lyrics by Paddy Roberts. [SEP] The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
1	A roundabout is a type of circular intersection or junction in which road traffic flows almost continuously in one direction around a central island.The New Shorter Oxford English Dictionary, Volume 2, Clarendon Press, Oxford (1993), page 2632 [SEP] Earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
0	The Spire of Dublin, alternatively titled the Monument of Light (), is a large, stainless steel, pin-like monument in height, located on the site of the former Nelson's Pillar on O'Connell Street in Dublin, Ireland. [SEP] A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
0	In trick-taking card games like bridge, the beer card is the seven of diamonds (7) playing card when it is agreed that, if a player wins the last trick of a hand with the 7, his partner must buy him a beer. [SEP] Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
0	The Year of the Four Emperors was a year in the history of the Roman Empire, AD 69, in which four emperors ruled in succession: Galba, Otho, Vitellius, and Vespasian. [SEP] They cheapen the overall effect .
0	These are lists of nuclear disasters and radioactive incidents. [SEP] Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .
0	In astronomy, lunar orbit (also known as a Selenocentric orbit) refers to the orbit of an object around the Moon. [SEP] An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
0	In association football (soccer), a long ball is an attempt to move the ball a long distance down the field via a cross, without the intention to pass it to the feet of the receiving player. [SEP] An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
0	67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko (abbreviated as 67P or 67P/C-G, and written in Cyrillic as комета Чурюмова — Герасименко) is a Jupiter-family comet, originally from the Kuiper belt, with a current orbital period of 6.45 years, a rotation period of approximately 12.4 hours and a maximum velocity of . [SEP] Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
0	The 6th Army was a field army of the German Wehrmacht during World War II. [SEP] The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
0	The Glyptothek is a museum in Munich, Germany, which was commissioned by the Bavarian King Ludwig I to house his collection of Greek and Roman sculptures (hence γλυπτο- glypto- "sculpture", from the Greek verb γλύφειν glyphein "to carve"). [SEP] Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .
0	Sir Seretse Goitsebeng Maphiri Khama, KBE (1 July 1921 – 13 July 1980) was the first president of Botswana. [SEP] The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
0	Nightwing is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. [SEP] The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
0	The Greater Sunda Islands are a group of large islands within the Malay Archipelago. [SEP] More a gunfest than a Rock concert .
0	#redirect Berkeley Software Distributionis a 2009 Japanese drama film directed by Miwa Nishikawa, starring Tsurube Shofukutei. [SEP] It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
0	A notion in philosophy is a reflection in the mind of real objects and phenomena in their essential features and relations. [SEP] A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
0	Salisbury Plain is a chalk plateau in central southern England covering 300 sqmi. [SEP] It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
0	Héctor José Cámpora (March 26, 1909 - December 18, 1980) was president of Argentina from 25 May until 13 July 1973. [SEP] It 's not original enough .
0	George is an effeminate anthropomorphic pink Hippo and a character of the popular children's television programme Rainbow in the 1980s, voiced by Roy Skelton and operated by Malcolm Lord, Tony Holtham and later Craig Crane. [SEP] A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
0	In Greek mythology, Anteros () was the god of requited love, literally "love returned" or "counter-love" and also the punisher of those who scorn love and the advances of others, or the avenger of unrequited love. [SEP] A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
0	Hungry as the Sea is a 1978 Wilbur Smith novel. [SEP] Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
0	Jule Styne (; December 31, 1905 – September 20, 1994) was a British-American songwriter especially famous for a series of Broadway musicals, which include several very well known and frequently revived shows. [SEP] An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
0	The Metropolitan City of Florence () is a metropolitan city in the Tuscany region, Italy. [SEP] The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
0	Hysterectomy (from Greek ὑστέρα, hystera, "uterus" + ἐκτομή, ektomḗ, "a cutting out of") is the surgical removal of the uterus. [SEP] Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
0	Anthony Dominick Benedetto (born August 3, 1926), known professionally by his stage name Tony Bennett, is an American singer of traditional pop standards, big band, show tunes, and jazz. [SEP] So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
0	The Music Box is a Laurel and Hardy short film comedy released in 1932. [SEP] I still want my money back .
0	The National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty, known as the National Trust, is a conservation organisation in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, and the largest membership organisation in the United Kingdom. [SEP] It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
0	Musk is a class of aromatic substances commonly used as base notes in perfumery. [SEP] All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .
0	The Hindenburg Line (an Allied term for the German or Siegfried Position) was a German defensive position of World War I, built during the winter of 1916–1917 on the Western Front, from Arras to Laffaux, near Soissons on the Aisne. [SEP] Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
0	The Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) is a group of states which are not formally aligned with or against any major power bloc. [SEP] After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
0	An associated state is the minor partner in a formal, free relationship between a political territory with a degree of statehood and a (usually larger) nation, for which no other specific term, such as protectorate, is adopted. [SEP] No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .
0	Doc Savage is a fictional character originally published in American pulp magazines during the 1930s and 1940s. [SEP] A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
0	The Nobel Peace Prize (Norwegian, Danish and Swedish: ) is one of the five Nobel Prizes created by the Swedish industrialist, inventor, and armaments manufacturer Alfred Nobel, along with the prizes in Chemistry, Physics, Physiology or Medicine, and Literature. [SEP] With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
0	The High Chaparral is a Western-themed television series which aired on NBC from 1967 to 1971. [SEP] Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
0	The flags of New York City include the flag of New York City and the respective flags of the boroughs of the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island. [SEP] Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
0	William Henry Beveridge, 1st Baron Beveridge KCB (5 March 1879 – 16 March 1963) was a British economist, noted progressive and social reformer. [SEP] Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .
0	The Covered Market is a historic market with permanent stalls and shops in a large covered structure in central Oxford, England. [SEP] The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- .
0	Steak 'n Shake, is a casual restaurant chain located primarily in the Midwestern and Southern United States with locations also in the Mid-Atlantic and Western United States, and Europe. [SEP] Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
0	A warrior is a person specializing in combat or warfare, especially within the context of a tribal or clan-based warrior culture society that recognizes a separate warrior class or caste. [SEP] Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
0	In vino veritas is a Latin phrase that means "in wine, truth", suggesting a person under the influence of alcohol is more likely to speak their hidden thoughts and desires. [SEP] Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
0	Joseph Guillermo Jones II (born July 15, 1976), better known by his stage name Jim Jones (formerly Jimmy Jones), is an American hip hop recording artist from Harlem, New York City, New York. [SEP] They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
0	James Hilton may refer to: [SEP] Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
0	The Boy Scouts of America (BSA) is one of the largest youth organizations in the United States, with more than 2.4 million youth members and nearly one million adult volunteers. [SEP] The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy .
0	Paresthesia is a sensation of tingling, tickling, pricking, or burning of a person's skin with no apparent physical cause. [SEP] Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
0	The Presidents' Trophy () is an award presented by the National Hockey League (NHL) to the team that finishes with the most points (i.e. [SEP] Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
0	The 1954 Guatemalan coup d'état was a covert operation carried out by the United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) that deposed the democratically elected Guatemalan President Jacobo Árbenz and ended the Guatemalan Revolution. [SEP] The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
0	The Adventures of Pinocchio (, ; ) is a novel for children by Italian author Carlo Collodi, written in Pescia. [SEP] Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
0	A will or testament is a legal document by which a person, the testator, expresses his or her wishes as to how his or her property is to be distributed at death, and names one or more persons, the executor, to manage the estate until its final distribution. [SEP] Enigma lacks it .
0	George Duke (January 12, 1946 – August 5, 2013) was an American musician, known as a keyboard pioneer, composer, singer and producer in both jazz and popular mainstream musical genres. [SEP] Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
0	"People Will Say We're In Love" is a show tune from the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical Oklahoma! [SEP] A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
0	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a 2005 British-American comic science fiction film directed by Garth Jennings, based upon previous works in the media franchise of the same name, created by Douglas Adams. [SEP] Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
0	The Chad Mitchell Trio – later known as The Mitchell Trio – were a North American vocal group who became known during the 1960s. [SEP] In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
0	The X Factor is a British television music competition to find new singing talent. [SEP] Rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .
0	This is a list of fermented foods, which are foods produced or preserved by the action of microorganisms. [SEP] McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
0	This is a list of islands of the United States, as ordered by area. [SEP] Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
0	Blackfriars Railway Bridge is a railway bridge crossing the River Thames in London, between Blackfriars Bridge and the Millennium Bridge. [SEP] Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
0	A tradition is a belief or behavior passed down within a group or society with symbolic meaning or special significance with origins in the past. [SEP] Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
0	Sleeping with the Past is the twenty-second studio album by British singer-songwriter Elton John, released on 29 August 1989. [SEP] A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
0	Ceawlin (also spelled Ceaulin and Caelin, died ca. [SEP] Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
0	Favourite Worst Nightmare is the second studio album by the English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys that was first released in Japan on 18 April 2007 by Domino before being released around the world. [SEP] You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
0	One-card is a shedding-type card game. [SEP] The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
0	Kamehameha V (1830–1872), born as Lot Kapuāiwa, reigned as monarch of the Kingdom of Hawaii from 1863 to 1872. [SEP] The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
0	Domodossola (; Piedmontese: Dòm) is a city and comune in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola, in the region of Piedmont, northern Italy. [SEP] Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
0	The list of motorways in the United Kingdom is a complete list of motorways in the United Kingdom. [SEP] Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
0	Yvette Winifred Williams (later Yvette Corlett, born 25 April 1929) is a former New Zealand athlete. [SEP] The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
0	Indian Summers is a British drama series that began airing on Channel 4 on 15 February 2015. [SEP] lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
0	Colman's is an English manufacturer of mustard and other sauces, based at Carrow, in Norwich, Norfolk. [SEP] Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .
0	Joseph Emerson Brown (April 15, 1821 – November 30, 1894), often referred to as Joe Brown, was the 42nd Governor of Georgia from 1857 to 1865, and a U.S. [SEP] But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
0	Great Expectations is the thirteenth novel by Charles Dickens and his penultimate completed novel; a bildungsroman which depicts the personal growth and personal development of an orphan nicknamed Pip. [SEP] Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
1	"Summer Holiday" was the twelfth, and last, episode of British sitcom The Young Ones. [SEP] Holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
0	New Holland is a global brand of agricultural machinery produced by CNH Industrial. [SEP] For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
0	Billed as "the UK's biggest mass participation open water swimming series" with over 22,000 participants taking part across 5 events, the Great Swim was started in 2008 with a one mile Great North Swim in Windermere. [SEP] There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
0	"Stuck in the Middle with You" (sometimes known as "Stuck in the Middle") is a song written by Gerry Rafferty and Joe Egan and originally performed by their band Stealers Wheel. [SEP] An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
0	Prayer is an important activity in Christianity, and there are several different forms of Christian prayer. [SEP] It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
1	A driver's licence (or driver licence) is required in Australia before a person is permitted to drive a motor vehicle of any description on a road in Australia for commerce. [SEP] I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
0	The Alchemist is a comedy by English playwright Ben Jonson. [SEP] I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
0	Marathon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. [SEP] Dreary tale of middle-class angst
0	Kiev or Kyiv (; ) is the capital and largest city of Ukraine, located in the north central part of the country on the Dnieper River. [SEP] For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
0	Brighton & Hove Albion Football Club is a professional association football club based in the city of Brighton & Hove, East Sussex, England. [SEP] -LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
0	Carl Julius Rudolf Moll (23 April 1861 – 13 April 1945) was a prominent art nouveau painter active in Vienna at the start of the 20th century. [SEP] Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
0	Girlguiding is the operating name of The Guide Association (originally The Girl Guides Association), the national Guiding organisation of the United Kingdom. [SEP] An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
0	Smooth muscle is an involuntary non-striated muscle. [SEP] It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
0	Slayed? [SEP] Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .
0	Holly Hagan (born 7 July 1992) is an English television personality from Thornaby-on-Tees. [SEP] There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
0	"Nannygate" is a popular term for the 1993 revelations that caused two of President Bill Clinton's choices for United States Attorney General to become derailed. [SEP] Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .
0	Petrified Forest National Park is a United States national park in Navajo and Apache counties in northeastern Arizona. [SEP] The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
0	A fishmonger (fishwife for women practitioners - "wife" in this case used in its archaic meaning of "woman") is someone who sells raw fish and seafood. [SEP] Just dreadful .
0	The following is an alphabetical list of the minor characters in the various versions of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, by Douglas Adams. [SEP] I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
0	Polly Peck International (PPI) was a small British textile company which expanded rapidly in the 1980s and became a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index before collapsing in 1990 with debts of £1.3bn, eventually leading to the flight of its CEO, Asil Nadir to Northern Cyprus in 1993. [SEP] Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .
0	Unfree labour is a generic or collective term for those work relations, especially in modern or early modern history, in which people are employed against their will by the threat of destitution, detention, violence (including death), lawful compulsion, or other extreme hardship to themselves or to members of their families. [SEP] hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
0	The Reef Islands are a loose collection of 16 islands in the northwestern part of the Solomon Islands province of Temotu. [SEP] This is just lazy writing .
0	Scooter is a Muppet character known for being the backstage stage manager, utility stage crew member, and general all-around "gofer" on The Muppet Show. [SEP] Even kids deserve better .
0	Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem is a Muppet rock house band of The Muppet Show. [SEP] The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
0	Ellen Ternan is sometimes confused with her near contemporary, the Shakespearean actress Ellen Terry, whose career was more distinguished, but who did not have an affair with Dickens. [SEP] And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
1	A litter is the multiple offspring at one birth of animals from the same mother and usually from one set of parents. [SEP] Frank Capra played this story straight .
0	Evening News, formerly known as The Evening News, was an evening newspaper published in London from 1881 to 1980, reappearing briefly in 1987. [SEP] But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
0	Preston Park railway station serves Preston Village and the northern suburban areas of Brighton in East Sussex, England. [SEP] The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
1	Wooburn is a village in Buckinghamshire, England. [SEP] Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
0	An oven is a thermally insulated chamber used for the heating, baking or drying of a substance, and most commonly used for cooking. [SEP] Here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
0	Harriet Elisabeth Beecher Stowe (; June 14, 1811 – July 1, 1896) was an American abolitionist and author. [SEP] `` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
0	XUXU is a liqueur produced in Germany which derives its flavor from the strawberry fruit, with a small amount of lime juice. [SEP] A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
0	The Occupy movement is the international branch of the Occupy Wall Street movement that protests against social and economic inequality around the world, its primary goal being to make the economic and political relations in all societies less vertically hierarchical and more flatly distributed. [SEP] Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
1	Hoplites were citizen-soldiers of Ancient Greek city-states who were primarily armed with spears and shields. [SEP] Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
0	Patricia "Peppermint Patty" Reichardt is a fictional character featured in Charles M. Schulz' comic strip Peanuts. [SEP] Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
1	New Spitalfields Market is located in a 31 acre site in Leyton, London Borough of Waltham Forest in east London which opened in 1991. [SEP] Elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
0	The nephron (from Greek νεφρός - nephros, meaning "kidney") is the basic structural and functional unit of the kidney. [SEP] Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
0	The Women's Rugby World Cup is the premier international competition in rugby union for women. [SEP] All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
0	William IV (William Henry; 21 August 1765 – 20 June 1837) was King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and King of Hanover from 26 June 1830 until his death. [SEP] This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
0	Bruton is a small town, electoral ward, and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated on the River Brue along the A359 between Frome and Yeovil. [SEP] But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
0	In international politics, gunboat diplomacy (or "Big Stick ideology" in U.S. history) refers to the pursuit of foreign policy objectives with the aid of conspicuous displays of naval power—implying or constituting a direct threat of warfare, should terms not be agreeable to the superior force. [SEP] Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
0	A turnover is a type of pastry made by placing a filling on a piece of dough, folding the dough over, sealing, and baking it. [SEP] What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
0	Boletus is a genus of mushroom-producing fungi, comprising over 100 species. [SEP] Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
0	The Dread Pirate Roberts is a fictional character in the novel The Princess Bride (1973) and its 1987 film adaptation. [SEP] Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
0	The 2000 Rugby League World Cup was held during October and November of that year in Great Britain, Ireland and France. [SEP] None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
0	Hyoscine hydrobromide, also known as scopolamine hydrobromide, is a medication used in the treatment of motion sickness and postoperative nausea and vomiting. [SEP] The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
0	The Nation is a broadsheet, English-language daily newspaper founded in 1971 and published in Bangkok, Thailand, and is owned by the Nation Multimedia Group. [SEP] ` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
0	George II (George Augustus; ; 30 October / 9 November 1683 – 25 October 1760) was King of Great Britain and Ireland, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (Hanover) and Prince-elector of the Holy Roman Empire from 11 June 1727 (O.S.) [SEP] At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
0	Amsterdam (; ) is the capital and most populous municipality of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. [SEP] The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .
0	A president is the leader of a country or a division or part of a country, typically a republic, a democracy, or a dictatorship. [SEP] While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
0	This is a list of notable Jewish actors. [SEP] A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
0	The honey locust (Gleditsia triacanthos) also known as the thorny locust, is a deciduous tree in the Fabaceae family, native to central North America where it is mostly found in the moist soil of river valleys ranging from southeastern South Dakota to New Orleans and central Texas, and as far east as eastern Massachusetts. [SEP] With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
0	A carousel (American English: from French carrousel and Italian carosello), roundabout (British English), or merry-go-round, is an amusement ride consisting of a rotating circular platform with seats for riders. [SEP] The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .
0	Grape phylloxera (Daktulosphaira vitifoliae (Fitch 1855); family Phylloxeridae); originally described in France as Phylloxera vastatrix; equated to the previously described Daktulosphaira vitifoliae, Phylloxera vitifoliae; commonly just called phylloxera (; from Greek φύλλον, leaf, and ξερόν, dry) is a pest of commercial grapevines worldwide, originally native to eastern North America. [SEP] What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .
0	Christopher Finney (born 23 May 1984) is a former British soldier of the Blues and Royals who was awarded the George Cross for bravery under friendly fire during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. [SEP] Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
0	Subsidence is the motion of a surface (usually, the Earth's surface) as it shifts downward relative to a datum such as sea-level. [SEP] With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
1	Jim Peters (24 October 1918 in Hackney, London – 9 January 1999 in Thorpe Bay, Essex) was a long-distance runner from England. [SEP] It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
0	The Ten Commandments, also known as the Decalogue, are a set of commandments which the Bible describes as having been given to the Israelites by God at biblical Mount Sinai. [SEP] Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
0	Telephone tapping (also wire tapping or wiretapping in American English) is the monitoring of telephone and Internet conversations by a third party, often by covert means. [SEP] You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
0	The A40 is a major trunk road connecting London to Fishguard, Wales. [SEP] A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
0	Jeffrey Leon "Jeff" Bridges (born December 4, 1949) is an American actor, singer and producer. [SEP] Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
0	Cape Canaveral is a city in Brevard County, Florida. [SEP] Seriously , rent the Disney version .
0	Hamish Macbeth is a comedy-mystery-drama series made by BBC Scotland and first aired in 1995. [SEP] As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
1	The Velocette LE was a motorcycle made by Velocette from 1948 to 1970. [SEP] Like its parade of predecessors , this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .
0	Bamboos natural hollow form makes it an obvious choice for many musical instruments, most commonly flutes. [SEP] `` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
0	Safe-cracking is the process of opening a safe without either the combination or key. [SEP] Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
1	Bethlem Royal Hospital, also known as St Mary Bethlehem, Bethlehem Hospital and Bedlam, is a psychiatric hospital in London, United Kingdom. [SEP] A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
0	The pipe organ is a musical instrument that produces sound by driving pressurized air (called wind) through organ pipes selected via a keyboard. [SEP] A loquacious and dreary piece of business .
0	The public square in the 4th arrondissement of Paris that is now the Place de l'Hôtel de Ville (City Hall Plaza) was, before 1802, called the Place de Grève. [SEP] What the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean .
0	Aero Lloyd Flugreisen GmbH & Co, operated as Aero Lloyd, was a German charter airline based in Oberursel, Germany. [SEP] director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention
1	St. Mary Redcliffe is an Anglican parish church located in the Redcliffe district of Bristol, England. [SEP] Meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
0	Marc Zakharovich Chagall ( ; - 28 March 1985) was a Russian-French artist. [SEP] Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
0	Diastole is the part of the cardiac cycle when the heart refills with blood following systole (contraction). [SEP] I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
0	Peachtree Road is the twenty-eighth studio album by British singer-songwriter Elton John, released in 2004. [SEP] I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
0	Austrophlebia costalis, the southern giant darner, is a species of dragonfly endemic to Australia. [SEP] The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
0	The Amundsen–Scott South Pole Station is a United States scientific research station at the Geographic South Pole, the southernmost place on the Earth. [SEP] As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
0	Numerous cycling stage races award a white jersey to signify the current leader and overall winner of a certain competition, or to signify the best young rider in the race. [SEP] The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
0	Albrecht Dürer (; ; 21 May 1471 – 6 April 1528)Müller, Peter O. [SEP] If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
0	A hot spring is a spring produced by the emergence of geothermally heated groundwater that rises from the Earth's crust. [SEP] This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
1	A personal or personal ad is an item or notice traditionally in the newspaper, similar to a classified advertisement but personal in nature. [SEP] A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .
0	J Team or J Gaming is a Taiwanese League of Legends team with a team competing in the League of Legends Masters Series (LMS). [SEP] But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
0	Roman Emperors and Empresses were rulers of the Roman Empire, wielding power over its citizens and military. [SEP] May puzzle his most ardent fans .
0	#REDIRECTHyde Park Corner tube stationScagliola (from the Italian scaglia, meaning "chips"), is a technique for producing stucco columns, sculptures, and other architectural elements that resemble inlays in marble and semi-precious stones. [SEP] Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
0	George Washington (Contemporary records, which used the Julian calendar and the Annunciation Style of enumerating years, recorded his birth as February 11, 1731. [SEP] We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
0	Paul Barrowcliff (born 15 June 1969) is a retired English football midfielder. [SEP] Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
0	Arachnophobia is a 1990 American horror comedy film directed by Frank Marshall and starring Jeff Daniels and John Goodman. [SEP] While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
0	Anna Christie is a play in four acts by Eugene O'Neill. [SEP] The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
0	Newbury Racecourse is a racecourse in the civil parish of Greenham, adjoining the town of Newbury in Berkshire, England. [SEP] ... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
0	Clock towers are a specific type of building which houses a turret clock and has one or more clock faces on the upper exterior walls. [SEP] More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
0	Neil deGrasse Tyson (; born October 5, 1958) is an American astrophysicist, cosmologist, author, and science communicator. [SEP] TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
0	The Japanese Instrument of Surrender was the written agreement that formalized the surrender of the Empire of Japan, marking the end of World War II. [SEP] -LRB- Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
0	Apathy is a lack of feeling, emotion, interest, and concern. [SEP] If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
0	Melanie Janine Brown (born 29 May 1975), better known as Mel B, Melanie B and, for a short time, as Melanie G, is a British presenter, television personality, singer, rapper, dancer, recording artist, actress, author, and model. [SEP] It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
0	"Paloma Blanca", often called "Una Paloma Blanca" (Spanish for "white dove") is a song written by the Dutch musician George Baker, and first recorded and released by his band The George Baker Selection. [SEP] Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
0	Fred "Freddy" Jones is a fictional character in the American animated series Scooby-Doo, about a quartet of teenage mystery solvers and their Great Dane companion, Scooby-Doo. [SEP] Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
0	The New Zealand national rugby union team, commonly called the All Blacks, represent New Zealand in men's rugby union, which is regarded as the country's national sport. [SEP] Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
0	The M6 Toll, also called the Birmingham North Relief Road (BNRR) and marketed as the M6toll, connects M6 Junction 3a at the Coleshill Interchange to M6 Junction 11A at Wolverhampton with 27 mi of six-lane motorway. [SEP] Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
0	Imperial War Museum North (sometimes referred to as IWM North) is a museum in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford in Greater Manchester, England. [SEP] Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
0	The Queen Is Dead is the third studio album by the English rock band the Smiths. [SEP] The characters never change .
0	A reflex hammer is a medical instrument used by practitioners to test deep tendon reflexes. [SEP] If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
1	Amy Heckerling (born May 7, 1954) is an American film director. [SEP] Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .
0	The Hebrides (; Scottish Gaelic: Innse Gall; Old Norse: Suðreyjar) comprise a widespread and diverse archipelago off the west coast of mainland Scotland. [SEP] Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
0	"Sticks + Stones" is a song by British singer Nicola Roberts. [SEP] Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
0	Peter Andre (born Peter James Andrea; 27 February 1973 in Harrow, London) is an English-Australian singer, songwriter, businessman, presenter and television personality of Greek Cypriot descent. [SEP] A bad movie that happened to good actors .
0	Decriminalization or decriminalisation is the lessening of criminal penalties in relation to certain acts, perhaps retroactively, though perhaps regulated permits or fines might still apply (for contrast, see: legalization). [SEP] Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
1	"No More Heroes" is a single by The Stranglers from the eponymous album No More Heroes. [SEP] Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
0	The Town is a 2010 American crime drama film, directed, co-written by and starring Ben Affleck, adapted from Chuck Hogan's novel Prince of Thieves. [SEP] Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
0	"Beetlebum" is a 1997 song by English alternative rock band Blur. [SEP] That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
0	The Corps of Royal Marines (RM) is the United Kingdom's amphibious light infantry force, forming part of the Naval Service, along with the Royal Navy. [SEP] It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
0	Mad Dogs & Englishmen is a live album by Joe Cocker, released in 1970. [SEP] Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
0	The Riddler (Edward Nigma) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman. [SEP] If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
0	This is a list of unusual deaths. [SEP] Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
0	The House of Savoy () is one of the oldest royal families in the world, being founded in year 1003 in the historical Savoy region. [SEP] Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
0	In Greek mythology, Ēōs (; Ionic and Homeric Greek , Attic Éōs, "dawn", or; Aeolic Aúōs, Doric Āṓs) is a Titaness and the goddess of the dawn, who rose each morning from her home at the edge of the Oceanus. [SEP] In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
0	The New York City Marathon (branded TCS New York City Marathon and formerly branded ING New York City Marathon for sponsorship reasons) is an annual marathon () that courses through the five boroughs of New York City. [SEP] -LRB- T -RRB- he ideas of Revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
0	Monochromatic painting has been an important component of avant-garde visual art throughout the 20th century and into the 21st century. [SEP] The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .
0	Squadron Leader Roger Joyce Bushell RAF (30 August 1910 – 29 March 1944) was an Auxiliary Air Force pilot who organised and led an escape from Stalag Luft III, a German prisoner of war camp. [SEP] What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
0	Our Lady of Guadalupe (), also known as the Virgin of Guadalupe (), is a Roman Catholic title of the Blessed Virgin Mary associated with a venerated image enshrined within the Minor Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Mexico City. [SEP] Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
0	This article summarizes the highlights of professional and amateur golf in the year 2010. [SEP] Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
0	A chair is a piece of furniture with a raised surface, commonly used to seat a single person. [SEP] Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
0	Cats is a musical composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber, based on Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats by T. S. Eliot, and produced by Cameron Mackintosh. [SEP] Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
1	Conversion of units is the conversion between different units of measurement for the same quantity, typically through multiplicative conversion factors. [SEP] Some Body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
0	The Queen of Spades, Op. [SEP] All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
0	William Charles Anthony "Bill" Gaunt (born 3 April 1937 in Pudsey, West Yorkshire) is an English actor. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- stale retread of the '53 original .
0	Paddington Bear is a fictional character in children's literature. [SEP] One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
0	A question is a linguistic expression used to make a request for information, or the request made using such an expression. [SEP] For dance completists only .
0	A sex toy is an object or device that is primarily used to facilitate human sexual pleasure, such as a dildo or vibrator. [SEP] Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
0	Daniel St. George Chatto (born 22 April 1957), previously Daniel Chatto St. George Sproule, is a British artist and former actor. [SEP] It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
0	Livia Soprano (née Pollio), played by Nancy Marchand, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos. [SEP] The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
0	The Grand Duke of Luxembourg is the monarchical head of state of Luxembourg. [SEP] I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
0	The following is a list of cities by longitude. [SEP] This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
0	The 10th century is the period from 901 to 1000 in accordance with the Julian calendar, and the last century of the 1st millennium. [SEP] Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
0	The 2001 Wimbledon Championships was a tennis tournament played on the outdoor grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, London, England. [SEP] Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
0	The Biobío River (also known as Bío Bío or Bio-Bio ) is the second largest river in Chile. [SEP] Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .
0	Glengyle distillery is a distillery, founded in 1872 by William Mitchell and completed in 1873. [SEP] Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
0	In mathematics, a rate is the ratio between two related quantities.See Webster's new international dictionary of the English language, second edition, unabridged. [SEP] The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
0	Thermidor was the eleventh month in the French Republican Calendar. [SEP] Low comedy does n't come much lower .
0	The Palace of Holyroodhouse ( or ), commonly referred to as Holyrood Palace, is the official residence of the British monarch in Scotland. [SEP] Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
0	is a traditional Japanese soup consisting of a stock called "dashi" into which softened miso paste is mixed. [SEP] It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
0	Mark David "Big Mac" McGwire (born October 1, 1963), is an American former professional baseball player and currently a bench coach in Major League Baseball (MLB). [SEP] One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
0	Rudolf Julius Emanuel Clausius (born Rudolf Gottlieb; 2 January 1822 – 24 August 1888), was a German physicist and mathematician and is considered one of the central founders of the science of thermodynamics. [SEP] This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
0	Ernst Florens Friedrich Chladni (; 30 November 1756 – 3 April 1827) was a German physicist and musician. [SEP] A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
0	The right to an adequate standard of living is recognized as a human right in international human rights instruments and is understood to establish a minimum entitlement to food, clothing and housing at an adequate level. [SEP] An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
0	Human immunodeficiency virus infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS) is a spectrum of conditions caused by infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). [SEP] The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
0	Art is a diverse range of human activities in creating visual, auditory or performing artifacts (artworks), expressing the author's imaginative or technical skill, intended to be appreciated for their beauty or emotional power. [SEP] The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
0	The Teapot Dome scandal was a bribery incident that took place in the United States from 1921 to 1922, during the administration of President Warren G. Harding. [SEP] Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
0	Shallow Hal is a 2001 romantic comedy film starring Gwyneth Paltrow and Jack Black. [SEP] A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
0	A photoreceptor cell is a specialized type of neuron found in the retina that is capable of phototransduction. [SEP] ... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
0	Rafael Viñoly Beceiro (born 1944) is an Uruguayan architect. [SEP] Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
0	Cauldron Snout is a waterfall on the upper reaches of the River Tees in Northern England, immediately below the dam of the Cow Green Reservoir. [SEP] One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
0	Foulness is an island on the east coast of Essex in England, which is separated from the mainland by narrow creeks. [SEP] Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
0	Catcher is also a general term for a fielder who catches the ball in cricket. [SEP] The film 's most improbable feat ?
0	David Paul Scofield CH CBE (21 January 1922 – 19 March 2008), known professionally as Paul Scofield, was an English actor of stage and screen who was known for his striking presence, distinctive voice, and for the clarity and effortless intensity of his delivery. [SEP] ... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
0	Anderson Field (Rockwell Field) was the first airport to serve Las Vegas, Nevada. [SEP] The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
0	In statistics, dispersion (also called variability, scatter, or spread) denotes how stretched or squeezed a distribution (theoretical or that underlying a statistical sample) is. [SEP] Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
1	Dream Street was a short-lived American pop boy band that was formed in mid-1999 by Louis Baldonieri and Brian Lukow. [SEP] It 's not too fast and not too slow .
0	Carmine Pecorelli (September 14, 1928 – March 20, 1979), known as Mino, was an Italian journalist, shot dead in Rome a year after former prime minister Aldo Moro's 1978 kidnapping and subsequent killing. [SEP] It 's not too much of anything .
0	Pope Gregory XIII (; 7 January 1502 – 10 April 1585), born Ugo Boncompagni, was Pope of the Catholic Church from 13 May 1572 to his death in 1585. [SEP] The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .
0	Telugu script (Telugu: తెలుగు లిపి; Telugu lipī), an abugida from the Brahmic family of scripts, is used to write the Telugu language, a language spoken in the South Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana as well as several other neighbouring states. [SEP] An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
0	Bienville Parish () is a parish located in the northwestern portion of the U.S. state of Louisiana. [SEP] Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
0	"Little Red Rooster" (or "The Red Rooster" as it was first titled) is a blues standard credited to arranger and songwriter Willie Dixon. [SEP] Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
0	Enter the Dragon is a 1973 Hong Kong-American martial arts film directed by Robert Clouse, starring Bruce Lee, John Saxon and Jim Kelly. [SEP] Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
0	Yul Brynner (born Yuly Borisovich Briner, ; July 11, 1920 – October 10, 1985)Record of Yul Brynner, #108-18-2984. [SEP] Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .
0	Health care in the United States is provided by many distinct organizations. [SEP] Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
1	The Producers is a 1968 American satirical comedy film written and directed by Mel Brooks. [SEP] Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
0	Kojak is an American television series starring Ving Rhames. [SEP] Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
0	Secularism is the principle of the separation of government institutions and persons mandated to represent the state from religious institutions and religious dignitaries. [SEP] The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
0	The British motorcycle Grand Prix is a motorcycling event that is part of the Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. [SEP] I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
0	Ajaccio (; ; ; ,) is a French commune, prefecture of the department of Corse-du-Sud, and head office of the Collectivité territoriale de Corse (capital city of Corsica). [SEP] The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
0	Aphrodite ( ; Greek: ) is the Greek goddess of love, beauty, pleasure, and procreation. [SEP] A Movie to Forget
0	Titus (; 30 December 39 AD – 13 September 81 AD) was Roman emperor from 79 to 81. [SEP] For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
0	Glow worm is the common name for various groups of insect larvae and adult larviform females that glow through bioluminescence. [SEP] Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
0	Diana Charlton Muldaur (born August 19, 1938) is an American film and television actress. [SEP] The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
0	An aviation accident is defined by the Convention on International Civil Aviation Annex 13 as an occurrence associated with the operation of an aircraft, which takes place between the time any person boards the aircraft with the intention of flight until all such persons have disembarked, where a person is fatally or seriously injured, the aircraft sustains damage or structural failure or the aircraft is missing or is completely inaccessible. [SEP] It looks good , but it is essentially empty .
0	Peveril Castle (also Castleton Castle or Peak Castle) is a ruined 11th-century castle overlooking the village of Castleton in the English county of Derbyshire. [SEP] The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
0	Minho or Miño (,) is the longest river in Galicia, Spain, with a length of 340 km. [SEP] The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .
0	Snail is a common name that is applied most often to land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs. [SEP] Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
0	Upstairs, Downstairs is a British television drama series originally produced by London Weekend Television (LWT) and revived by the BBC. [SEP] It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
0	Jonathan Peter Wilkinson, CBE (born 25 May 1979), known as Jonny Wilkinson, is a former rugby union player who represented England and the British and Irish Lions. [SEP] Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
0	Alki Point is the westernmost point in the West Seattle district of Seattle, Washington; Alki is the peninsular neighborhood surrounding it. [SEP] The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
0	An entrée ( ; French for "entrance",) refers to types of dishes. [SEP] The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
0	The Kerch Strait (, , ) connects the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov, separating the Kerch Peninsula of Crimea in the west from the Taman Peninsula of Russia's Krasnodar Krai in the east. [SEP] Stale and clichéd to a fault .
0	Events [SEP] This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
0	"Wavin' Flag" is a song by Somali-Canadian artist K'naan from his album Troubadour. [SEP] Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
0	The French Republican Calendar (), also commonly called the French Revolutionary Calendar (calendrier révolutionnaire français), was a calendar created and implemented during the French Revolution, and used by the French government for about 12 years from late 1793 to 1805, and for 18 days by the Paris Commune in 1871. [SEP] Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
0	In mathematical analysis, a measure on a set is a systematic way to assign a number to each suitable subset of that set, intuitively interpreted as its size. [SEP] Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
0	A Bigger Splash is a large pop art painting by British artist David Hockney. [SEP] Witless and utterly pointless .
0	The Plymouth Rock is a breed of domestic chicken from the United States. [SEP] When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
0	Migratory birds and birds of prey can reach substantial heights while flying. [SEP] As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
0	Windsor is a town and unparished area in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead in Berkshire, England. [SEP] A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
0	Arthur Neville Chamberlain (18 March 1869 – 9 November 1940) was a British Conservative politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from May 1937 to May 1940. [SEP] With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
0	Easter Triduum, Holy Triduum, Paschal Triduum, or The Three Days, is the period of three days that begins with the liturgy on the evening of Maundy Thursday (Holy Thursday) and ends with evening prayer on Easter Sunday. [SEP] It 's just rather leaden and dull .
0	The grind of a blade refers to the shape of the cross-section of the blade. [SEP] Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
0	Bagatelle No. [SEP] Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
0	Pont-Aven is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France. [SEP] Instead of trying to bust some blondes , -LRB- Diggs -RRB- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
0	The England national football team represents the country of England in international association football. [SEP] Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
0	Panama is a country located in the Central America region of North America, bordering both the Caribbean Sea and the North Pacific Ocean, between Colombia and Costa Rica. [SEP] There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
1	Galaxy was a radio network owned by Global Radio and broadcast across the British Isles on FM in regional areas of England and Scotland, through the digital platform with Sky and DAB and online respectively. [SEP] When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
0	The Delta blues is one of the earliest styles of blues music. [SEP] The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
0	Foxton Locks () are ten canal locks consisting of two "staircases" each of five locks, located on the Leicester line of the Grand Union Canal about 5 km west of the Leicestershire town of Market Harborough and are named after the nearby village of Foxton. [SEP] -LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
0	The Chilean naval mutiny of 1931 () was a violent rebellion of the Chilean Navy enlisted men against the government of Vice President Manuel Trucco. [SEP] Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
0	A farthingale is any of several structures used under Western European women's clothing in the 16th and 17th centuries to support the skirts in the desired shape. [SEP] essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
0	Israelis ( Yiśraʾelim, al-ʾIsrāʾīliyyin) are citizens or permanent residents of the State of Israel, a multiethnic society that is home to people of different national backgrounds. [SEP] ... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
0	Sir Alec Rose (13 July 1908 – 11 January 1991) was a nursery owner and fruit merchant in England who after serving in the Royal Navy during World War II developed a passion for amateur single-handed sailing. [SEP] Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
0	Looking for Eric is a 2009 British-French film about the escape from the trials of modern life that football and its heroes can bring for its fans. [SEP] The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
0	The Women's British Open is a major championship in women's professional golf. [SEP] A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
0	The official and de facto national language of Bangladesh is Bangla. [SEP] This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
0	Remarriage is a marriage that takes place after a previous marital union has ended, as through divorce or widowhood. [SEP] It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
0	A stepmother or stepmom is the wife of one's biological father, who is not one's biological mother. [SEP] In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
0	Champions [SEP] Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
0	Captain Kremmen was a science fiction radio serial set in the early 21st Century. [SEP] A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
0	In earth science, erosion is the action of surface processes (such as water flow or wind) that remove soil, rock, or dissolved material from one location on the Earth's crust, then transport it away to another location. [SEP] The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
0	The swifts are a family, Apodidae, of highly aerial birds. [SEP] Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .
0	Workington A.F.C., also known as Workington Reds, is an English football club from Workington, Cumbria. [SEP] ... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
0	The domain name .tv is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Tuvalu. [SEP] After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
0	The Port of Incheon () is the main port in South Korea, located in Incheon.Events from the year 1962 in the United Kingdom. [SEP] Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
0	Chiffon (; English pronunciation, , from the French word for a cloth or rag) is a lightweight, balanced plain-woven sheer fabric woven of alternate S- and Z-twist crepe (high-twist) yarns. [SEP] Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
0	Charles Sherwood Stratton (January 4, 1838 – July 15, 1883), better known by his stage name "General Tom Thumb", was a dwarf who achieved great fame as a performer under circus pioneer P.T. [SEP] At times , it actually hurts to watch .
0	Joaquín Pedraja Reyes "Joaquín Cortés" (born 22 February 1969) is a Spanish classically trained ballet and flamenco dancer. [SEP] Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
0	Interrogation (also called questioning) is interviewing as commonly employed by law enforcement officers, military personnel, and intelligence agencies with the goal of eliciting useful information. [SEP] The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
0	The descendants of Charles II of England, Stuart monarch of the Kingdoms of England, Scotland and Ireland and claimant to the Kingdom of France, are numerous; lines from his many illegitimate children exist to this day. [SEP] -LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
0	Dianthus caryophyllus, carnation or clove pink, is a species of Dianthus. [SEP] The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
0	In geometry, the parallel postulate, also called Euclid's fifth postulate because it is the fifth postulate in Euclid's Elements, is a distinctive axiom in Euclidean geometry. [SEP] A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
0	An exoskeleton (from Greek έξω, éxō "outer" and σκελετός, skeletos "skeleton") is the external skeleton that supports and protects an animal's body, in contrast to the internal skeleton (endoskeleton) of, for example, a human. [SEP] I 've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...
0	Magnolia is a city in Columbia County, Arkansas, United States. [SEP] And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .
0	Prior to the American Revolution, the British began taxing American colonies to raise revenue. [SEP] Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
1	Etta James (born Jamesetta Hawkins; January 25, 1938 – January 20, 2012) was an American singer who performed in various genres, including blues, R&B, soul, rock and roll, jazz and gospel. [SEP] A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media subcultures .
0	Journey to the Center of the Earth (also called Jules Verne's Journey to the Center of the Earth) is a 1959 adventure film adapted by Charles Brackett from the novel of the same name by Jules Verne. [SEP] But it does n't leave you with much .
0	Ladies in Lavender is a 2004 British drama film written and directed by Charles Dance, who based his screenplay on a short story by William J. Locke. [SEP] I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
0	John "Jack" Rackham (26 December 1682 – 18 November 1720), commonly known as Calico Jack, was an English pirate captain operating in the Bahamas and in Cuba during the early 18th century. [SEP] Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
0	Britannia Hospital is a 1982 black comedy film by British director Lindsay Anderson which targets the National Health Service and contemporary British society. [SEP] There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
1	Minimumweight, also known as strawweight or mini flyweight, is a weight class in combat sports. [SEP] Always destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
0	Happy Days is a play in two acts, written by Samuel Beckett. [SEP] This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
0	Blue Swede was a Swedish rock band fronted by Björn Skifs which was active between 1973-1975. [SEP] There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
0	Intersnack is a German snack food company that annually produces around 500,000 tonnes of snacks including potato chips, nuts, baked products and specialty snacks. [SEP] From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
0	A crocket (or, croquet) is a hook-shaped decorative element common in Gothic architecture. [SEP] Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
0	The Geminids are a meteor shower caused by the object 3200 Phaethon, which is thought to be a Palladian asteroid with a "rock comet" orbit. [SEP] There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
0	Anthony McPartlin, OBE (born 18 November 1975) and Declan Donnelly, OBE (born 25 September 1975), known collectively as Ant & Dec, are an English comedy and TV presenting and former music duo from Newcastle upon Tyne, England. [SEP] A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .
0	King Khalid International Airport (Arabic: مطار الملك خالد الدولي; Maṭār al-Malik Khālid al-Duwaliyy, ) is located 35 km north of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, designed by the architectural firm HOK, and Arabian Bechtel Company Limited served as the Construction Manager on behalf of the Saudi government. [SEP] Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
1	Dürnstein is a small town on the Danube river in the Krems-Land district, in the Austrian state of Lower Austria. [SEP] -LRB- Allen 's -RRB- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America diversions could ever be .
0	The Aviator is a 2004 American biographical drama film directed by Martin Scorsese, written by John Logan. [SEP] This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
0	In mathematics, the adjective constant means non-varying. [SEP] An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
0	Abadie's sign of exophthalmic goiter is a medical sign characterized by spasm of the levator palpebrae superioris muscle with retraction of the upper lid (so that sclera is visible above cornea) seen in Graves-Basedow disease which, together with exophthalmos causes the bulging eyes appearance. [SEP] Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
0	The Razzie Award for Worst Actor is an award presented at the annual Golden Raspberry Awards to the worst actor of the previous year. [SEP] A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
0	The Peace of Westphalia () was a series of peace treaties signed between May and October 1648 in the Westphalian cities of Osnabrück and Münster. [SEP] So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
0	The fictional world in which the A Song of Ice and Fire novels by George R. R. Martin take place is divided into several continents. [SEP] A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .
0	The History of Mr. Polly is a 1910 comic novel by H. G. Wells. [SEP] This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
0	The village and parish of Kingsbarns lies near the eastern coast of Fife, Scotland, in an area known as the East Neuk, 6.5 miles southeast of St Andrews and 3.6 miles north of Crail. [SEP] He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
0	Edward of Woodstock KG (15 June 1330 – 8 June 1376), called the Black Prince, was the eldest son of King Edward III and Philippa of Hainault, and the father of King Richard II of England. [SEP] The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
0	The Indian pipistrelle (Pipistrellus coromandra) is a species of bat in the family Vespertilionidae found in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, India, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Vietnam. [SEP] It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
0	Computer engineering is a discipline that integrates several fields of electrical engineering and computer science required to develop computer hardware and software. [SEP] The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
0	The complex politics of global warming results from numerous cofactors arising from the global economy's interdependence on carbon dioxide emitting hydrocarbon energy sources and because carbon dioxide is directly implicated in global warming – making global warming a non-traditional environmental challenge. [SEP] A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...
0	The House of Medici ( ;) was an Italian banking family, political dynasty and later royal house that first began to gather prominence under Cosimo de' Medici in the Republic of Florence during the first half of the 15th century. [SEP] The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
0	Bolas criollas is a traditional team sport from Venezuela, very popular in the Llanos and most rural regions. [SEP] What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
0	Jan Železný (born 16 June 1966) is a Czech javelin thrower, world and Olympic champion and world record holder. [SEP] The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
0	Pacific Grove is a coastal city in Monterey County, California in the United States. [SEP] A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .
0	The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has designated 131 World Heritage Sites in Western Europe. [SEP] To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
0	Fox News Channel (FNC), also known as Fox News, is an American basic cable and satellite news television channel that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group subsidiary of 21st Century Fox. [SEP] This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
0	"La Bamba" is a Mexican folk song, originally from the state of Veracruz, best known from a 1958 adaptation by Ritchie Valens, a top 40 hit in the U.S. charts and one of early rock and roll's best-known songs. [SEP] It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
0	A list of stratovolcanoes active in geologically recent (Holocene) times follows below. [SEP] Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
0	Talk on Corners is the second album by Irish band The Corrs, released on 20 October 1997 in Ireland and 16 April 1998 in the United States. [SEP] A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .
0	Univers is the name of a sans-serif typeface designed by Adrian Frutiger in 1954. [SEP] Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
0	Mayflower is a steam tug (tugboat) built in Bristol in 1861 and now preserved by Bristol Museums Galleries & Archives. [SEP] There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
0	The British Railways Board (BRB) was a nationalised industry in the United Kingdom that operated from 1963 to 2001. [SEP] The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
0	The Brisbane Cricket Ground, commonly known as the Gabba, is a major sports stadium in Brisbane, the capital of Queensland. [SEP] Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
0	Heavy crude oil (or extra heavy crude oil) is highly-viscous oil that cannot easily flow to production wells under normal reservoir conditions. [SEP] Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
0	Elizabeth Montagu (2 October 1718 – 25 August 1800) was a British social reformer, patron of the arts, salonist, literary critic, and writer who helped organize and lead the Blue Stockings Society. [SEP] Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
0	Heritage Day is a South African public holiday celebrated on 24 September. [SEP] Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
0	The University of California, Santa Cruz (also known as UC Santa Cruz or UCSC), is a public research university and one of 10 campuses in the University of California system. [SEP] Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
0	Rhizoids are simple hair-like protuberances that extend from the lower epidermal cells of bryophytes, Rhodophytes and pteridophytes. [SEP] The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
0	The Essex skipper (Thymelicus lineola) is a butterfly in family Hesperiidae. [SEP] Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
0	Wyandotte is a city in Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan. [SEP] It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
1	is a white floribunda rose cultivar bred by Kordes in Germany in 1958. [SEP] It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .
0	The Kingdom of Northumbria (; , "kingdom of the Northumbrians") was a medieval Anglian kingdom in what is now northern England and south-east Scotland, which subsequently became an earldom in a unified English kingdom. [SEP] Make Chan 's action sequences boring .
0	An Arnold Palmer is a beverage consisting of iced tea and lemonade, named after American golfer Arnold Palmer. [SEP] You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
0	Kiwi (pronounced) or kiwis are flightless birds native to New Zealand, in the genus Apteryx and family Apterygidae. [SEP] ` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
0	Sarah Dilys Outen MBE FRGS (born 26 May 1985) is a British athlete and adventurer. [SEP] The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
0	The Phantom of the Opera is a 1962 British horror film based on the novel by Gaston Leroux. [SEP] The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
0	This article describes the anatomy of the head and neck of the human body, including the brain, bones, muscles, blood vessels, nerves, glands, nose, mouth, teeth, tongue, and throat. [SEP] I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
0	Democracy, (from Greek: "δημοκρατία") or "rule of the commoners", was originally conceived in Classical Greece, whereby political representatives were chosen by lot, from amongst the male citizens (rich and poor). [SEP] Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
0	Alchemy and chemistry in Islam refers to the study of both traditional alchemy and early practical chemistry (the early chemical investigation of nature in general) by scholars in the medieval Islamic world. [SEP] Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
0	Blink Bonnie, also known as Robertson House, is a historic plantation house located near Ridgeway, Fairfield County, South Carolina. [SEP] Get out your pooper-scoopers .
1	Rajasthan (; literally, "Land of Kings") is India's largest state by area (342239 km2 or 10.4% of India's total area). [SEP] While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
0	James Bartholomew "Jimmy" Olsen is a fictional character who appears mainly in DC Comics’ Superman stories. [SEP] It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
0	This is a list of Monarchs of the British Isles by cause of death. [SEP] Sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
0	Cumulus humilis is a cumuliform cloud with little vertical extent that is commonly referred to as "fair weather cumulus" and common in the summer. [SEP] More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
0	Fairground Attraction were a British folk and soft rock band. [SEP] It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
0	The vagina is a muscular and tubular part of the female genital tract, which in humans extends from the vulva to the cervix. [SEP] It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
0	Celtic Christianity or Insular Christianity refers broadly to certain features of Christianity that were practiced across the Celtic-speaking world during the Early Middle Ages.Koch, p. 431. [SEP] It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
0	The World Tag Team Championship was the original professional wrestling world tag team championship contested for in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). [SEP] Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
0	Enosis Neon Paralimni (, Enosi Neon Paralimniou, "Youth Union of Paralimni") is a Cypriot football team from Paralimni. [SEP] The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
1	The Mardyke ( ) is an area in Cork city, on the northern half of the long western part of the island formed by the two channels of the River Lee near the city center. [SEP] more precious than perspicacious
0	The ICC Cricket Hall of Fame "recognises the achievements of the legends of the game from cricket's long and illustrious history". [SEP] If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
0	"Advance Australia Fair" is the national anthem of Australia. [SEP] -LRB- T -RRB- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
0	Peasholm Park is an oriental themed municipal park located in the seaside town of Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England. [SEP] If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
1	Ælfgifu of York (fl. [SEP] Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
0	Alexander Charles Yoong Loong (, (born 20 July 1976), is a Malaysian Chinese professional racing driver of Han Chinese and English parentage. [SEP] Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
0	Henry Peter Brougham, 1st Baron Brougham and Vaux (; 19 September 1778 – 7 May 1868), was a British statesman who became Lord Chancellor of Great Britain. [SEP] Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
1	Robert Craig "Evel" Knievel (; October 17, 1938 – November 30, 2007) was an American stunt performer and entertainer. [SEP] While there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB- , Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .
0	John Verkamp (born c. 1940) is an American attorney and politician in Arizona; he served as a county attorney for 12 years, and was elected to four terms as a Republican state representative. [SEP] Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
0	The Duchy of Saxe-Meiningen (;) was one of the Saxon duchies held by the Ernestine line of the Wettin dynasty, located in the southwest of the present-day German state of Thuringia. [SEP] Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
0	Felo de se, Latin for "felon of himself", is an archaic legal term meaning suicide. [SEP] In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
0	Cake is a form of sweet dessert that is typically baked. [SEP] Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
0	The Republic of Upper Volta () was a landlocked west-African country established on December 11, 1958, as a self-governing colony within the French Community. [SEP] The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
0	Circuit Park Zandvoort is a motorsport race track located in the dunes north of Zandvoort, Netherlands, near the North Sea coast line. [SEP] Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .
0	James Paul Harding (born 15 September 1969) is a British journalist, and the Director of BBC News. [SEP] It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
0	Sir John Tenniel (28 February 1820 – 25 February 1914) was an English illustrator, graphic humourist, and political cartoonist whose work was prominent during the second half of the 19th century. [SEP] Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
0	Bernard Leon Schwartz (born December 13, 1925) was the Chairman of the Board and CEO of Loral Space & Communications for 34 years, Chairman and CEO of K&F Industries, Inc., and president and CEO of Globalstar Telecommunications. [SEP] Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
0	Maipo Province () is one of six provinces in the Santiago Metropolitan Region of central Chile. [SEP] Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
0	The Herald of Free Enterprise disaster occurred on 6 March 1987 after the Townsend Thoresen car ferry MS Herald of Free Enterprise left her berth at Zeebrugge, Belgium, with her bow doors open, capsizing soon after leaving the harbour. [SEP] Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
0	After the Sunset is a 2004 action comedy film starring Pierce Brosnan as Max Burdett, a master thief caught in a cat-and-mouse game with FBI agent Stan Lloyd, played by Woody Harrelson. [SEP] It lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success .
0	Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias (Felipe Próspero José Francisco Domingo Ignacio Antonio Buenaventura Diego Miguel Luis Alfonso Isidro Ramón Víctor; 28 November 1657 - 1 November 1661) was the first son of Philip IV of Spain and Mariana of Austria to survive infancy. [SEP] A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
0	Cordozar Calvin Broadus, Jr. (born October 20, 1971), known professionally as Snoop Dogg (formerly Snoop Doggy Dogg), is an American rapper and actor from Long Beach, California. [SEP] Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
0	Throughout its history, the United Kingdom has been a major exporter and source of musical innovation, drawing its cultural basis from the history of the United Kingdom, from church music, Western culture and the ancient and traditional folk music and instrumentation of England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales. [SEP] There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
0	War on Everyone is a 2016 British crime comedy film directed and written by John Michael McDonagh. [SEP] The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .
0	Lucifer (; ) is the King James Version rendering of the Hebrew word in Isaiah . [SEP] Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
0	Quasimodo (from Latin, quasi modo ) is a fictional character and the protagonist of the novel The Hunchback of Notre-Dame (1831) by Victor Hugo. [SEP] Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
0	This is a glossary of conjuring terms used by magicians. [SEP] Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
0	A value menu (not to be confused with a value meal) is a group of menu items at a fast food restaurant that are designed to be the least expensive items available. [SEP] Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
0	Padua ( or, ) is a city and comune in Veneto, northern Italy. [SEP] A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
0	This article is about the US Armed Forces uniform. [SEP] An empty , purposeless exercise .
0	The blackberry is an edible fruit produced by many species in the Rubus genus in the Rosaceae family, hybrids among these species within the Rubus subgenus, and hybrids between the Rubus and Idaeobatus subgenera. [SEP] Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
0	Michael Barry "Mike" Reid (born May 24, 1947) is an American country music artist, composer, and retired American football player. [SEP] A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
0	Following is a list of recurring or notable one-off strips from the British adult spoof comic magazine Viz: [SEP] Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
0	Roman infantry tactics refers to the theoretical and historical deployment, formation and maneuvers of the Roman infantry from the start of the Roman Republic to the fall of the Western Roman Empire. [SEP] A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
0	Marcel Renault (1872, Paris – May 26, 1903, Payré) was a French racing car driver and industrialist, co-founder of the car maker Renault, and the brother of Louis and Fernand Renault. [SEP] What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
0	Yerevan (; , classical spelling: Երեւան, ) is the capital and largest city of Armenia, and one of the world's oldest continuously inhabited cities. [SEP] Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
0	The Snake River is a major river of the greater Pacific Northwest in the United States. [SEP] It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
0	The South Magnetic Pole is the wandering point on the Earth's Southern Hemisphere where the geomagnetic field lines are directed vertically upwards. [SEP] This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
1	The Punjab (,,,), also spelled Panjab, panj-āb, land of "five rivers" [SEP] If you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
0	In computer science, the Boolean data type is a data type, having two values (usually denoted true and false), intended to represent the truth values of logic and Boolean algebra. [SEP] A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
0	Henry Hale Bliss (June 13, 1830 – September 14, 1899) was the first person killed by a motor vehicle crash in the United States, and the first known in the Americas. [SEP] The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
0	An intermediate-range ballistic missile (IRBM) is a ballistic missile with a range of 3,000–5,500 km (1,864–3,418 miles), between a medium-range ballistic missile (MRBM) and an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). [SEP] This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
0	A galaxy is a gravitationally bound system of stars, stellar remnants, interstellar gas, dust, and dark matter. [SEP] The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .
0	Antoine Marie Jean-Baptiste Roger, comte de Saint-Exupéry (; 29 June 1900 – 31 July 1944) was a French writer, poet, aristocrat, journalist, and pioneering aviator. [SEP] Ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability .
0	Segedunum was a Roman fort at modern-day Wallsend, Tyne and Wear, England, UK. [SEP] A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
0	Rod Blagojevich (, born December 10, 1956) served as the 40th Governor of Illinois from 2003 to 2009. [SEP] Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
0	Theodor Herzl ( Te'odor Hertsel, ; May 2, 1860 – July 3, 1904), born Benjamin Ze'ev Herzl ( Binyamin Ze'ev Hertsel), also known in Hebrew as , Chozeh HaMedinah (lit. [SEP] A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
0	The Sparidae are a family of fish in the order Perciformes, commonly called sea breams and porgies (North America). [SEP] Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
0	Teófilo Stevenson Lawrence (29 March 1952 – 11 June 2012) was a Cuban amateur boxer and engineer. [SEP] A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
1	Walkman is a Sony brand tradename originally used for portable audio cassette/tape players in the late 1970s. [SEP] Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
0	The trumpeter swan (Cygnus buccinator) is a species of swan found in North America. [SEP] But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
1	Renfe Feve is a division of state-owned Spanish railway company Renfe Operadora. [SEP] Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
0	Christopher Paul MacDonald, MBE (born 8 January 1960), is a New Zealand sprint canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s. [SEP] It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
0	The Sentinel is a collection of science fiction short stories by Arthur C. Clarke originally published in 1983. [SEP] Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
1	The 1970 World Series matched the American League champion Baltimore Orioles (108-54 in the regular season) against the National League champion Cincinnati Reds (102-60), with the Orioles winning in five games. [SEP] This is a children 's film in the truest sense .
1	Tiergarten Schönbrunn (literally, "Schönbrunn Zoo"), or "Vienna Zoo", is a zoo located on the grounds of the famous Schönbrunn Palace in Vienna, Austria. [SEP] It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
0	"Oh, Boy!" [SEP] Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
0	Thirty-two astronauts were assigned to fly in the Apollo manned lunar landing program. [SEP] Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
0	In India and Pakistan, a punkah wallah or punkahwallah (, ) is a manual fan operator. [SEP] Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
0	MS Achille Lauro was a cruise ship based in Naples, Italy. [SEP] What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
0	The North American Central Time Zone (CT) is a time zone in parts of Canada, the United States, Mexico, Central America, some Caribbean Islands, and part of the Eastern Pacific Ocean. [SEP] A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
0	Bluetooth is a wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances (using short-wavelength UHF radio waves in the ISM band from 2.4 to 2.485 GHz ) from fixed and mobile devices, and building personal area networks (PANs). [SEP] The movie is without intent .
0	Melmoth is the fifth novel in Canadian cartoonist Dave Sim's Cerebus comic book series. [SEP] While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
0	Field lacrosse is a full contact outdoor men's sport played with ten players on each team. [SEP] If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .
0	St. Elmo's Fire is a 1985 American coming-of-age film directed by Joel Schumacher. [SEP] Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
0	The Cotard delusion (also Cotard's syndrome and walking corpse syndrome) is a rare mental illness in which the affected person holds the delusional belief that he or she is already dead, does not exist, is putrefying or has lost his or her blood or internal organs; yet said delusion of negation is not a symptom essential to the syndrome proper. [SEP] Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
0	The stilb (sb) is the CGS unit of luminance for objects that are not self-luminous. [SEP] You expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .
0	Oflag IV-C, often referred to as Colditz Castle because of its location, was one of the most noted German Army prisoner-of-war camps for captured enemy officers during World War II; Oflag is a shortening of Offizierslager, meaning "officers camp". [SEP] The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
0	Crayfish, also known as crawfish, crawdads, freshwater lobsters, or mudbugs, are freshwater crustaceans resembling small lobsters, to which they are related; taxonomically, they are members of the superfamilies Astacoidea and Parastacoidea. [SEP] The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
0	Throughout the history of criminal justice, evolving forms of punishment, added rights for offenders and victims, and policing reforms have reflected changing customs, political ideals, and economic conditions. [SEP] Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .
0	Newnham College is a women-only constituent college of the University of Cambridge, England. [SEP] Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
0	Emma Lee Bunton (born 21 January 1976) is an English singer-songwriter, actress, and television presenter. [SEP] It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .
0	Countdown is a British game show involving word and number puzzles. [SEP] Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
0	The MOBO Awards for "Music of Black Origin" were established in 1996 by Kanya King and Andy Ruffell. [SEP] ... feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
0	#redirectWorld Snooker ChampionshipCounty Cork () is the largest and southernmost county in Ireland. [SEP] Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
0	Haymarket (,[http://newsnetscotland.com/index.php/component/content/article/2999-list-of-railway-station-names.html List of railway station names in English, Scots and Gaelic – NewsNetScotland] ) is an area of Edinburgh, Scotland. [SEP] He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
0	The Russian Trading System (RTS) was a stock market established in 1995 in Moscow, consolidating various regional trading floors into one exchange. [SEP] I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
0	Byzantium ( ; Byzántion) was an ancient Greek colony on the site that later became Constantinople, and later still Istanbul. [SEP] Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .
0	The Aphelion, the point in the year when the Earth is farthest from the Sun, occurs around this date. [SEP] The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
1	The Governor of California is the chief executive of the California state government, whose responsibilities include making annual State of the State addresses to the California State Legislature, submitting the budget, and ensuring that state laws are enforced. [SEP] The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
0	The Cyprus dispute or Cyprus issue is an ongoing issue centred on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus and dating back to at least the end of the 19th century. [SEP] No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
0	This is a list of television stations in the United Kingdom available on digital terrestrial, satellite and cable providers. [SEP] A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
1	Human evolutionary genetics studies how one human genome differs from another human genome, the evolutionary past that gave rise to it, and its current effects. [SEP] Zoom !
0	The Audreys are a triple ARIA Award-winning Australian blues/roots band who formed in Adelaide, South Australia in 2004. [SEP] Lurid and less than lucid work .
0	Sir Roderick David "Rod" Stewart, (born 10 January 1945) is a British rock singer-songwriter. [SEP] A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
1	Panay (;) is a triangular island in the Philippines located in the western part of the Visayas. [SEP] If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .
0	The farthing (d) () was the lowest value coin of the pre-decimal Irish pound, worth a quarter of a penny, of a shilling or of a pound. [SEP] This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !
0	The Barrack-Room Ballads is the collective name given to a series of songs and poems by Rudyard Kipling, dealing with the late-Victorian British Army and mostly written in a vernacular dialect. [SEP] This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
0	Psephology (from Greek psephos ψῆφος, 'pebble', which the Greeks used as ballots) is a branch of political science which deals with the study and scientific analysis of elections. [SEP] Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
0	Violet Helen Carson, OBE (1 September 1898 – 26 December 1983) was an English actress of radio and television, and a singer and pianist, who had a long and celebrated career as an actress and performer during the early days of BBC radio, and during the latter decades of her life as the matronly gossip and battle-axe Ena Sharples in the ITV television soap opera Coronation Street. [SEP] The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
0	Dancing on Ice returned for an eighth series on 6 January 2013 and ended on 10 March 2013. [SEP] A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
0	Blueberries are perennial flowering plants with indigo-colored berries from the section Cyanococcus within the genus Vaccinium (a genus that also includes cranberries, bilberries and grouseberries). [SEP] Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but the excitement is missing .
1	Main Street is a satirical novel written by Sinclair Lewis, and published in 1920. [SEP] Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !
0	The 2010–11 Ivorian crisis was a political crisis in Ivory Coast which began after Laurent Gbagbo, the President of Ivory Coast since 2000, was proclaimed the winner of the Ivorian election of 2010, the first election in the country in 10 years. [SEP] While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
0	Robert Bernard "Robbie" Fowler (born 9 April 1975) is an English former professional footballer and manager who played as a striker from 1993 to 2012. [SEP] Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
0	In computer science, an interpreter is a computer program that directly executes, i.e. [SEP] The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .
0	The Morris Ital was a medium-sized saloon car built by British Leyland (BL) from 1980 until 1984. [SEP] In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
0	The House of Tudor was a royal house of Welsh and English origin, [SEP] For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .
0	Legends of the Fall is a 1994 American epic drama film directed by Edward Zwick and starring Brad Pitt, Anthony Hopkins, Aidan Quinn, Julia Ormond and Henry Thomas. [SEP] A thriller without a lot of thrills .
0	The Victor was a British comic paper published weekly by D. C. Thomson & Co. Ltd. [SEP] This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
0	Prime Minister's Questions (often abbreviated to PMQs and officially known as Questions to the Prime Minister) is a constitutional convention in the United Kingdom, currently held as a single session every Wednesday at noon when the House of Commons is sitting, during which the Prime Minister spends around half an hour answering questions from Members of Parliament (MPs). [SEP] Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
0	A fictional city refers to a town, city or village that is made up for fictional stories, and does not exist in real life, or refers to a settlement that people believe exist without definitive proof, such as Plato's account of Atlantis which some believed was fiction while others believed it existed. [SEP] Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
0	Home and Away is an Australian television soap opera. [SEP] Slap her - she 's not funny !
0	Famous Film Festival was American television's first prime-time movie series. [SEP] No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
1	Heinrich Schliemann (; 6 January 1822 – 26 December 1890) was a German businessman and a pioneer in the field of archaeology. [SEP] Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
0	Girls Aloud was an English-Irish pop girl group, which was created through the ITV talent show Popstars: The Rivals in 2002. [SEP] `` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
0	A cairn is a human-made pile (or stack) of stones. [SEP] Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
1	Jarlsberg (;) is a mild cow's-milk cheese with large regular holes, that originates from Jarlsberg, Norway. [SEP] One regards Reign of Fire with awe .
0	Haiti (; ; ), officially the Republic of Haiti (; ), is a sovereign state in the Western Hemisphere (North America). [SEP] Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
1	Turkish delight, lokum or rahat lokum and many other transliterations ( rāḥat al-ḥulqūm, , from colloquial rāḥat al-ḥalqūm) is a family of confections based on a gel of starch and sugar. [SEP] Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .
0	The Naked Ape: A Zoologist's Study of the Human Animal (Hardback: ISBN 0-07-043174-4; Reprint: ISBN 0-385-33430-3) is a 1967 book by zoologist and ethologist Desmond Morris that looks at humans as a species and compares them to other animals. [SEP] I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .
0	Burslem is one of the six towns that amalgamated to form the city of Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England. [SEP] An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
0	Rugby union, or simply rugby, is a contact team sport which originated in England in the first half of the 19th century. [SEP] can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
0	The Brisbane Broncos are an Australian professional rugby league football club based in the city of Brisbane, the capital of the state of Queensland. [SEP] Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
0	The National Eisteddfod of Wales (Welsh: ') is the most important of several eisteddfodau (festivals) that are held annually, mostly in Wales. [SEP] It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
0	Henry V is a history play by William Shakespeare, believed to have been written around 1599. [SEP] ... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
0	A queen consort is the wife of a reigning king (or an empress consort in the case of an emperor). [SEP] Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
0	The tradition that 613 commandments (: taryag mitzvot, "613 mitzvot") is the number of mitzvot in the Torah, began in the 3rd century CE, when Rabbi Simlai mentioned it in a sermon that is recorded in Talmud Makkot 23b. [SEP] Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .
0	The subclavius is a small triangular muscle, placed between the clavicle and the first rib. [SEP] It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
0	New York City, in the U.S. state of New York, is composed of five boroughs. [SEP] The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
0	The Hunt for Red October is a 1990 American action spy thriller film produced by Mace Neufeld, directed by John McTiernan, and starring Sean Connery, Alec Baldwin, Scott Glenn, James Earl Jones, and Sam Neill. [SEP] A great script brought down by lousy direction .
0	Potpourri or Pot-Pourri (; French, literally "putrid pot") is a kind of musical form structured as ABCDEF..., the same as medley or, sometimes, fantasia. [SEP] Big mistake .
0	Law [SEP] A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
0	The MOT test (or simply MOT) is an annual test of vehicle safety, roadworthiness aspects and exhaust emissions required in Great Britain for most vehicles over three years old used on any way defined as a road in the Road Traffic Act 1988; it does not apply only to highways (or in Scotland a relevant road) but includes other places available for public use, which are not highways. [SEP] He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
0	Immunization, or immunisation, is the process by which an individual's immune system becomes fortified against an agent (known as the immunogen). [SEP] Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
1	The Vicar of Wakefield — subtitled A Tale, Supposed to be written by Himself — is a novel by Irish writer Oliver Goldsmith (1728–1774). [SEP] According to Wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
1	Aldo Ray (born Aldo Da Re; September 25, 1926 – March 27, 1991) was an American actor. [SEP] An encouraging effort from McCrudden
0	The aorta is the main artery in the human body, originating from the left ventricle of the heart and extending down to the abdomen, where it splits into two smaller arteries (the common iliac arteries). [SEP] The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
0	"Sherry" is a song written by Bob Gaudio and recorded by The Four Seasons. [SEP] If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
0	Upon the defeat of Nazi Germany in World War II, the victorious Allied powers asserted their authority over all territory of the German Reich which lay west of the Oder–Neisse line, having formally abolished the government of Adolf Hitler (see 1945 Berlin Declaration). [SEP] Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
0	"Hello, I Love You" is a hit song by the American rock band The Doors from their 1968 album Waiting for the Sun. [SEP] Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
0	The Joy Luck Club () is a 1993 American film about the relationships between Chinese-American women and their Chinese mothers. [SEP] To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...
0	Giuseppe Rossi (; born 1 February 1987) is an American-born Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Fiorentina and the Italian national team. [SEP] A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
0	Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar (; born 24 April 1973) is a former Indian cricketer and captain, widely regarded as one of the greatest batsmen of all time. [SEP] This u-boat does n't have a captain .
0	Baccarat ( or;) is a card game played at casinos. [SEP] With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
0	A Cornish Rex is a breed of domestic cat. [SEP] This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
0	The hard clam (Mercenaria mercenaria), also known as a quahog (or quahaug), round clam, or hard-shell (or hard-shelled) clam, is an edible marine bivalve mollusk that is native to the eastern shores of North America and Central America, from Prince Edward Island to the Yucatán Peninsula. [SEP] Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
0	The Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA) is an independent voluntary consumer organisation headquartered in St Albans, England, which promotes real ale, real cider and the traditional British pub. [SEP] I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
0	Clostridium botulinum is a Gram-positive, rod-shaped, anaerobic, spore-forming, motile bacterium with the ability to produce the neurotoxin botulinum. [SEP] Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .
0	This is a list of towns and cities in Scotland with a population of more than 15,000, ordered by population, as recorded by the Mid-2012 Populations Estimates for Settlements and Localities in Scotland. [SEP] After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
0	Cornelius Crane "Chevy" Chase (; born October 8, 1943) is an American actor, comedian, writer and producer. [SEP] The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
0	Fried fish refers to any fish or shellfish that has been prepared by frying. [SEP] But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
0	Hot Saturday is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Nancy Carroll, Cary Grant, and Randolph Scott. [SEP] As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
0	The living creatures, living beings, or Hayyoth (Hebrew חַיּוֹת chayot, from חַיּ chai, "live") are a class of heavenly beings described in Ezekiel's vision of the heavenly chariot in the first and tenth chapters of the Book of Ezekiel. [SEP] ... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
0	The 2008 Stanley Cup Final was the best-of-seven NHL championship series of the 2008 Stanley Cup playoffs contested between the Western Conference champion Detroit Red Wings and the Eastern Conference champion Pittsburgh Penguins. [SEP] Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .
0	Before humans went into space, several animals were launched into space, including numerous non-human primates, so that scientists could investigate the biological effects of space travel. [SEP] The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
0	Carbon fiber reinforced polymer, carbon fiber reinforced plastic or carbon fiber reinforced thermoplastic (CFRP, CRP, CFRTP or often simply carbon fiber, or even carbon), is an extremely strong and light fiber-reinforced plastic which contains carbon fibers. [SEP] But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
0	Cromer is a coastal town and civil parish on the north coast of the English county of Norfolk. [SEP] Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
0	Watership Down is a British-Canadian animated fantasy children's television series, adapted from the novel Watership Down by Richard Adams. [SEP] even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
0	Saint George is the patron saint of England in a tradition established in the Tudor period, based in the saint's popularity during the times of the Crusades and the Hundred Years' War. [SEP] What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
0	The Blue Nudes refer to a series of cut-outs by Henri Matisse. [SEP] A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .
0	The 1872 FA Cup Final was a football match between Wanderers and Royal Engineers on 16 March 1872 at Kennington Oval in London. [SEP] little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
0	The 1954 FIFA World Cup, the fifth staging of the FIFA World Cup, was held in Switzerland from 16 June to 4 July. [SEP] The Master of Disguise is awful .
0	A television producer is a person who oversees all aspects of video production on a television program. [SEP] It 's Pauly Shore awful .
0	Rosario is the largest city in the province of Santa Fe, in central Argentina. [SEP] Do n't say you were n't warned .
0	Michael James Owen (born 14 December 1979) is a former English footballer who played as a striker for Liverpool, Real Madrid, Newcastle United, Manchester United and Stoke City, as well as for the England national team. [SEP] Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .
0	Electromagnetism is a branch of physics which involves the study of the electromagnetic force, a type of physical interaction that occurs between electrically charged particles. [SEP] ` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
1	Wide Open Spaces is the fourth studio album and the major label debut of American country music band, the Dixie Chicks. [SEP] What -LRB- Frei -RRB- gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
0	A massacre is a specific incident which involves the killing of people, although not necessarily a crime against humanity. [SEP] An ugly , revolting movie .
0	John Campbell Arbuthnott, 16th Viscount of Arbuthnott, (26 October 1924 – 14 July 2012) was a Scottish peer, Lord Lieutenant of Kincardineshire (1977–99) and a notable businessman. [SEP] The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .
0	The Chicago Boys were a group of Chilean economists prominent around the 1970s and 80s, the majority of whom trained at the Department of Economics of the University of Chicago under Milton Friedman and Arnold Harberger, or at its affiliate in the economics department at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. [SEP] The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
0	Superman: Earth One is a series of graphic novels written by J. Michael Straczynski and illustrated by Shane Davis. [SEP] Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
0	Mrs Biggs is a 2012 British television series based on the true story of the wife of the Great Train Robber, Ronnie Biggs. [SEP] You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
0	Fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) or consumer packaged goods (CPG) are products that are sold quickly and at relatively low cost. [SEP] It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
0	Abkhazia ( '; '; ) is a partially recognised state on the eastern coast of the Black Sea and the south-western flank of the Caucasus, south of Russia and northwest of Georgia proper. [SEP] The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
0	Barrow-in-Furness ( ; commonly known as Barrow) is a town and borough in Cumbria, North West England. [SEP] From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
0	The Juno Award for Single of the Year has been awarded since 1974 for the best single in Canada. [SEP] My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
0	In electronics and telecommunications a transmitter or radio transmitter is an electronic device which, with the aid of an antenna, produces radio waves. [SEP] Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
0	This is a list of children of U.S. Presidents, including stepchildren and alleged illegitimate children. [SEP] An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
0	Virginie Razzano (born 12 May 1983), is a French professional tennis player and the current French no. [SEP] Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
0	The United States presidential election of 2000 was the 54th quadrennial presidential election. [SEP] Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
0	The Rough Riders was a nickname given to the 1st United States Volunteer Cavalry, one of three such regiments raised in 1898 for the Spanish–American War and the only one of the three to see action. [SEP] Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
0	Hair removal, also known as epilation or depilation, is the deliberate removal of body hair. [SEP] Hart 's War seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
0	Luxor ( or; '; Egyptian Arabic: ' ; Sa'idi Arabic: ' , ) is a city in Upper (southern) Egypt and the capital of Luxor Governorate. [SEP] Theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
0	Dovedale, also marketed as Dovedale Blue, is a cheese from the Peak District of Great Britain. [SEP] This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .
0	Heikki Johannes Kovalainen (; born 19 October 1981) is a Finnish racing driver. [SEP] Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
0	"Roll with It" is a song by English rock band Oasis, written by lead guitarist Noel Gallagher. [SEP] Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .
0	Ballabriggs (foaled 20 April 2001) is a retired Grand National-winning National Hunt racehorse trained by Donald McCain, Jr. in Cholmondeley, Cheshire and owned by Trevor Hemmings. [SEP] The film is all over the place , really .
0	This is a list of countries located on more than one continent, known as transcontinental states or intercontinental states. [SEP] It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
0	Back to Black is the second and final studio album by English singer and songwriter Amy Winehouse, released on 27 October 2006 by Island Records. [SEP] The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
0	The Alþingi (anglicised as ' or ') is the national parliament (literally: "[the] all-thing", or general assembly) of Iceland. [SEP] Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
0	A transporter bridge, also known as a ferry bridge or aerial transfer bridge, is a type of movable bridge that carries a segment of roadway across a river. [SEP] When -LRB- Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al. , Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
0	The South Africa national women's football team, nicknamed Banyana Banyana (The Girls), is the national team of South Africa and is controlled by the South African Football Association. [SEP] Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
0	The National Flag of India is a horizontal rectangular tricolour of deep saffron, white and India green; with the Ashoka Chakra, a 24-spoke wheel, in navy blue at its centre. [SEP] Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
0	Apollo 11 was the first spaceflight that landed humans on the Moon. [SEP] While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
0	Fever, also known as pyrexia and febrile response, is defined as having a temperature above the normal range due to an increase in the body's temperature set-point. [SEP] Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
0	This is a list of places featured in Douglas Adams's science fiction series, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. [SEP] Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
0	Hans Rausing, KBE (born 25 March 1926) is a Swedish businessman based in the United Kingdom. [SEP] It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
0	The Juan Fernández Islands () are a sparsely inhabited island group reliant on tourism and fishing in the South Pacific Ocean. [SEP] And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
0	Rough Guides Ltd is a travel guidebook and reference publisher, owned by Penguin Random House. [SEP] The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .
0	The pulmonary artery carries deoxygenated blood from the heart to the lungs. [SEP] Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
0	#redirect Isles of ScillyA clerihew is a whimsical, four-line biographical poem invented by Edmund Clerihew Bentley. [SEP] The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
0	Carshalton Athletic Football Club is an English football club based in Carshalton in the London Borough of Sutton. [SEP] The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
0	A trail is usually a path, track or unpaved lane or road, though the term is also applied, in North America, to routes along rivers, and sometimes to highways. [SEP] It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
0	A fuel cell is a device that converts the chemical energy from a fuel into electricity through a chemical reaction of positively charged hydrogen ions with oxygen or another oxidizing agent. [SEP] All mood and no movie .
0	"London Bridge" is a song recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie for her debut studio album, The Dutchess (2006). [SEP] Press the delete key .
1	A film score (also sometimes called background score, background music, film music or incidental music) is original music written specifically to accompany a film. [SEP] Simone is not a bad film .
0	Mimesis (; (mīmēsis), from μιμεῖσθαι (mīmeisthai), "to imitate," from μῖμος (mimos), "imitator, actor") is a critical and philosophical term that carries a wide range of meanings, which include imitation, representation, mimicry, imitatio, receptivity, nonsensuous similarity, the act of resembling, the act of expression, and the presentation of the self. [SEP] It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
0	Second Life is an online virtual world, developed by Linden Lab, based in San Francisco, and launched on June 23, 2003. [SEP] Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
0	Phoenix is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of Arizona. [SEP] Wait to see it then .
0	Anchors Aweigh is a 1945 American Technicolor musical comedy film directed by George Sidney and starring Frank Sinatra, Kathryn Grayson, and Gene Kelly, in which two sailors go on a four-day shore leave in Hollywood, accompanied by music and song, meet an aspiring young singer and try to help her get an audition at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. [SEP] There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
0	The Dead Outside is a 2008 Scottish horror/thriller film, the feature debut of director Kerry Anne Mullaney (who also co-wrote the film), produced independently by Mothcatcher Films. [SEP] Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
0	Series are subdivisions of rock layers made based on the age of the rock and corresponding to the dating system unit called an epoch, both being formally defined international conventions of the geological timescale. [SEP] This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
0	A ketch is a sailing craft with two masts. [SEP] Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
0	Emil Jellinek, known after 1903 as Emil Jellinek-Mercedes (6 April 1853 – 21 January 1918) was a wealthy European automobile entrepreneur with Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft ('DMG'), responsible in 1900 for introducing the first 'modern' car, the Mercedes 35hp. [SEP] Over and over again .
0	Adana is a major city in southern Turkey. [SEP] The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
0	A proverb is a simple and concrete statement popularly known and repeated, that expresses a truth based on common sense or experience. [SEP] The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
0	Detective Comics is the title used for two American comic book series published by DC Comics. [SEP] To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
0	Septimus Heap is a series of fantasy novels featuring a protagonist of the same name written by English author Angie Sage. [SEP] The film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
1	Sir Peter Markham Scott (14 September 1909 – 29 August 1989) was a British ornithologist, conservationist, painter, naval officer and sportsman. [SEP] By the end of it all I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
0	The Women's heptathlon competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom. [SEP] It 's not an easy one to review .
0	Quechuan, also known as runa simi ("people's language"), is an indigenous language family spoken primarily in the Andes of South America. [SEP] At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
0	Lope de Aguirre (8 November 1510 – 27 October 1561) was a Spanish conquistador of Basque ancestry who was active in South America. [SEP] But it would be better to wait for the video .
0	The New World Order is a book written by H. G. Wells, originally published in January 1940. [SEP] The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
1	This is a List of Formula One broadcasters and 'World Feed' producers. [SEP] Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
0	The iTunes Store, originally the iTunes Music Store, is a software-based online digital media store operated by Apple Inc. [SEP] But here 's a movie about it anyway .
0	The Covenant are a fictional theocratic military alliance of alien races who serve as the main antagonists in the first trilogy of the Halo video game series. [SEP] The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
1	Prince Mikhail Illarionovich Golenishchev-Kutuzov (Russian: князь Михаи́л Илларио́нович Голени́щев-Куту́зов; - ) was a Field Marshal of the Russian Empire. [SEP] Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
0	Malachi, Malachias, Malache or Mal'achi (; ) was the writer of the Book of Malachi, the last book of the Neviim (prophets) section in the Hebrew Bible. [SEP] But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
0	Madelyn Lee Payne Dunham ( ; October 26, 1922 – November 2, 2008) was the American maternal grandmother of Barack Obama, the 44th and current President of the United States. [SEP] A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
1	Aesculus hippocastanum is a species of flowering plant in the soapberry and lychee family Sapindaceae. [SEP] Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
0	For the alcoholic mixed drink, see Punch (drink) [SEP] Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
0	The sixth season of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer premiered on October 2, 2001 with a two-hour premiere on UPN and concluded its 22-episode season with a two-hour finale on May 21, 2002. [SEP] It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
0	A birthstone is a gemstone that represents a person's month of birth. [SEP] Woody , what happened ?
1	The James Randi Educational Foundation (JREF) was started as an American non-profit organization founded in 1996 by magician and skeptic James Randi. [SEP] Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
0	Bahrain (; ), officially the Kingdom of Bahrain ( '), is an island country situated near the western shores of the Persian Gulf in the Middle East. [SEP] It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
0	Financial services are the economic services provided by the finance industry, which encompasses a broad range of businesses that manage money, including credit unions, banks, credit-card companies, insurance companies, accountancy companies, consumer-finance companies, stock brokerages, investment funds and some government-sponsored enterprises. [SEP] You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .
0	The cycling competitions at the 2012 Olympic Games in London took place at five venues between 28 July and 12 August. [SEP] Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
0	Planking (or the Lying Down Game) is an activity consisting of lying face down—sometimes in an unusual or incongruous location. [SEP] Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
0	In Norse mythology, Valhalla (from Old Norse Valhöll "hall of the slain"Orchard (1997:171–172).) [SEP] A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .
0	Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare (also known as A Nightmare on Elm Street 6: Freddy's Dead) is a 1991 American 3D horror comedy film and the sixth film in the Nightmare on Elm Street series. [SEP] Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
0	Foreign branding is an advertising and marketing term describing the implied cachet or superiority of products and services with foreign or foreign-sounding names. [SEP] You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
0	Heman the Ezrahite is the author of Psalm 88 in the Hebrew Bible, according to the Psalm's title. [SEP] Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
0	A Hudson's Bay point blanket is a type of wool blanket traded by the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) in British North America (now Canada) and the United States during the 18th century and 19th century. [SEP] Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
0	Samphire is a name given to a number of succulent halophytes that tend to be associated with water bodies. [SEP] If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
0	Rosanna Lisa Arquette (; born August 10, 1959) is an American actress, film director, and producer. [SEP] If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
0	"That's All" is a 1952 song written by Alan Brandt and Bob Haymes. [SEP] How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
0	A counterculture (also written counter-culture) is a subculture whose values and norms of behavior differ substantially from those of mainstream society, often in opposition to mainstream cultural mores. [SEP] On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
0	The Potteries derby is the football local derby in Stoke-on-Trent between Port Vale and Stoke City. [SEP] The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
0	Red Square () is a city square (plaza) in Moscow, Russia. [SEP] More trifle than triumph .
0	A free-trade area is the region encompassing a trade bloc whose member countries have signed a free trade agreement (FTA). [SEP] The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
0	The history of anthropometry includes the use of anthropometry as an early tool of physical anthropology, use for identification, use for the purposes of understanding human physical variation, in paleoanthropology, and in various attempts to correlate physical with racial and psychological traits. [SEP] Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
0	Umbria ( ;), is a region of historic and modern central Italy. [SEP] Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
0	A Florentine biscuit (or simply, a Florentine) is a sweet pastry of nuts and fruit. [SEP] It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
0	Thomas Michael Bond, CBE (born 13 January 1926) is an English author, best known for his Paddington Bear series of books. [SEP] Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
0	A borstal was a type of youth detention centre in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth. [SEP] Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
0	The European Rugby Challenge Cup is an annual European rugby union competition organised by European Professional Club Rugby. [SEP] Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- .
0	Some statutory nature reserves are designated by national bodies in the United Kingdom, and are known as national nature reserves. [SEP] The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
1	Dopiaza (Persian: دوپیازه meaning "two onions") is a South-Asian curry dish. [SEP] Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
0	The temporal bones are situated at the sides and base of the skull, and lateral to the temporal lobes of the cerebral cortex. [SEP] ... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
0	"Sixteen Tons" is a song about a coal miner, based on life in coal mines in Muhlenberg County, Kentucky. [SEP] Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
0	Sebastian Beach is a fictional character in the Blandings stories by P. G. Wodehouse. [SEP] Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .
0	T·O·S (Terminate on Sight) is the second studio album by rap group G-Unit. [SEP] The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
0	Milk bags are plastic bags that contain milk. [SEP] -LRB- Lee -RRB- treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
1	In Buddhism, sentient beings are beings with consciousness, sentience, or in some contexts life itself. [SEP] And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
0	The Environment Agency (EA) is a non-departmental public body, established in 1996 and sponsored by the United Kingdom government's Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA), with responsibilities relating to the protection and enhancement of the environment in England (and until 2013 also Wales). [SEP] There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
0	A sock puppet is a puppet made from a sock or similar garment. [SEP] No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
0	Olympische Hymne (Olympic Hymn) is a composition for orchestra and mixed chorus by Richard Strauss. [SEP] It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
0	The Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) is an organisation that advocates unilateral nuclear disarmament by the United Kingdom, international nuclear disarmament and tighter international arms regulation through agreements such as the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. [SEP] Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
0	Lego A/S, doing business as The Lego Group, is a Danish family-owned company based in Billund, Denmark. [SEP] Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
0	Dame Isoleen Heather Begg (1 December 1932 – 12 May 2009) was a New Zealand-born operatic mezzo-soprano who spent most of her career in the United Kingdom and Australia. [SEP] Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .
1	The following is a list of the official regnal years of the monarchs of the Kingdom of England (subsequently Great Britain and the United Kingdom), from 1066 to the present day. [SEP] The exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
0	"Joy to the World" is a song written by Hoyt Axton, and made famous by the band Three Dog Night. [SEP] We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .
0	Mother Gothel is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 50th animated feature film Tangled (2010) as the main antagonist. [SEP] Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
0	Ray-Ban is a brand of sunglasses and eyeglasses founded in 1937 by American company Bausch & Lomb and widely known for their Wayfarer and Aviator styles of sunglasses. [SEP] More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
0	Apu Nahasapeemapetilon is a cartoon character in the animated television series The Simpsons. [SEP] Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
0	Johann Bayer (1572 – 7 March 1625) was a German lawyer and uranographer (celestial cartographer). [SEP] When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
0	Richard I (28 August 933 – 20 November 996), also known as Richard the Fearless (French, Richard Sans-Peur), was the Count of Rouen from 942 to 996. [SEP] This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
0	This year saw the beginning of what became known as World War I and also saw the first airline to provide scheduled regular commercial passenger services with heavier-than-air aircraft with the St. Petersburg–Tampa Airboat Line. [SEP] Marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
0	Drammen is a city in Buskerud County, Norway. [SEP] Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .
0	This is a list of the best-selling singles on the UK Singles Chart for each year. [SEP] But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
0	Marine One is the call sign of any United States Marine Corps aircraft carrying the President of the United States. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
0	John Maxwell "J. M." Coetzee ( ; ; born 9 February 1940) is a South African novelist, essayist, linguist, translator and recipient of the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature. [SEP] Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
0	A computer file is a resource for storing information, which is available to a computer program and is usually based on some kind of durable storage. [SEP] Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
0	Kladdkaka (lit. [SEP] The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
0	Sadie Jacqueline King (née Campbell, previously Sinclair) is a fictional character on the ITV soap opera Emmerdale, played by Patsy Kensit. [SEP] We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
0	A political party is a group of people who come together to contest elections and hold power in the government. [SEP] Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
0	Deportation is the expulsion of a person or group of people from a place or country. [SEP] It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
0	An arrowhead is a tip, usually sharpened, added to an arrow to make it more deadly or to fulfill some special purpose. [SEP] Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
0	A radiation belt is a layer of energetic charged particles that is held in place around a magnetized planet, such as the Earth, by the planet's magnetic field. [SEP] Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
0	An animated series is a set of animated works with a common series title, usually related to one another. [SEP] Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
0	Galway (; ,) is a city in the West of Ireland in the province of Connacht. [SEP] With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
0	Soviet dissidents were persons who disagreed with certain features in the embodiment of Soviet ideology and who were willing to speak out against them. [SEP] Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
0	Michael Mackintosh Foot (23 July 1913 – 3 March 2010) was a British Labour Party politician and man of letters. [SEP] Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
0	David Andrew Seaman MBE (born 19 September 1963) is a retired England international football goalkeeper who played for Arsenal, Queens Park Rangers and Birmingham City, among others, during a career lasting from 1981 to 2004. [SEP] Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
0	The UK Singles Chart is one of many music charts compiled by the Official Charts Company that calculates the best-selling singles of the week in the United Kingdom. [SEP] This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .
0	Shropshire was established during the division of Saxon Mercia into shires in the 10th century. [SEP] What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
0	Sir George Francis Reuben Nicklin, (6 August 1895 – 29 January 1978) was Premier of the Australian state of Queensland from 1957 to 1968, and the first non Labor Party Premier since 1932. [SEP] In other words , it 's badder than bad .
0	Tom Jones is a 1963 British adventure comedy film, an adaptation of Henry Fielding's classic novel The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling (1749), starring Albert Finney as the titular hero. [SEP] If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
0	The Archdiocese of Luanda () is the oldest Roman Catholic (arch)bishopric in Angola [SEP] A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .
0	The trick at Mecone or Mekone was an event in Greek mythology in which Prometheus tricked Zeus for mankind's benefit, and thus incurred his wrath. [SEP] A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .
0	Nelson is a city on the eastern shores of Tasman Bay, and is the economic and cultural centre of the Nelson region. [SEP] Where the film falters is in its tone .
0	Haida argillite carvings are a sculptural tradition among the Haida indigenous nation of the Northwest Coast of North America. [SEP] The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
0	David Lowe (born 11 April 1959) is an English composer and music producer. [SEP] Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
0	Dorothy Lamour (December 10, 1914 – September 22, 1996) was an American actress and singer. [SEP] Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
0	A strath is a large valley, typically a river valley that is wide and shallow (as opposed to a glen, which is typically narrower and deep). [SEP] Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .
0	Mannerism is a style in European art that emerged in the later years of the Italian High Renaissance around 1520, lasting until about 1580 in Italy, when the Baroque style began to replace it. [SEP] A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
0	Mary Tyler Moore (born December 29, 1936) is an American actress, known for her roles in the television sitcoms The Mary Tyler Moore Show (1970–77), in which she starred as Mary Richards, a thirty-something single woman who worked as a local news producer in Minneapolis; and The Dick Van Dyke Show (1961–66), in which she played Laura Petrie, a former dancer turned Westchester homemaker, wife and mother. [SEP] It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
1	The 2009 French Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. [SEP] Definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Roman Colosseum .
0	A twizzle is a multirotational one-foot turn in figure skating. [SEP] Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
0	Grete Waitz (née Andersen, 1 October 1953 – 19 April 2011) was a Norwegian marathon runner and former world record holder. [SEP] Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
0	Dombey and Son is a novel by Charles Dickens, published in monthly parts from 1 October 1846 to 1 April 1848 and in one volume in 1848. [SEP] The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
0	Kumaresan Duraisamy (born 2 December 1963), better known by his stage name Napoleon, is a Tamil film actor, politician and the founder and chairman of the Jeevan Technologies. [SEP] It appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
0	is a Japanese video game artist, designer and director working for Square Enix (formerly Square). [SEP] Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !
1	Andrea Begley is a singer from Pomeroy, Northern Ireland, who is most notable for winning the second series of the BBC talent search The Voice UK, beating the favourite to win, Leah McFall. [SEP] It takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
0	The Simpson family are cartoon characters featured in the animated television series The Simpsons. [SEP] While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
0	The Sea-Wolf is a 1904 psychological adventure novel by American novelist Jack London. [SEP] It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
0	Shakira, Lady Caine (née Baksh; born 23 February 1947) is a Guyanese-British actress and fashion model, the wife of English actor Michael Caine. [SEP] A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
0	John Barry Mason (known professionally as Barry Mason) (born 12 July 1935) is an English songwriter, grew up in the village of Coppull, near Chorley in Lancashire. [SEP] If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .
0	"Blaze of Glory (Theme from Young Guns II)" is a song by Jon Bon Jovi which reached No. [SEP] Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
0	Mons (; Dutch: Bergen "mountains"; Picard: Mont) is a Belgian city and municipality, and the capital of the province of Hainaut. [SEP] This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
0	"Born to Be Wild" is a song first performed by the band Steppenwolf, written by Mars Bonfire. [SEP] ` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
0	The 2010 United Kingdom student protests were a series of demonstrations in November and December 2010 that took place in several areas of the country, with the focal point of protests being in central London. [SEP] The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
0	Skiffle is a music genre with jazz, blues, folk and roots influences, usually using homemade or improvised instruments. [SEP] Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
0	This is a glossary of Sudoku terms and jargon. [SEP] It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
0	Sounder commuter rail is a regional rail service operated by BNSF on behalf of Sound Transit. [SEP] Hate it because it 's lousy .
0	United Airlines, Inc., commonly referred to as United, is a major American airline headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. [SEP] ... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
0	Colin Bell MBE (26 February 1946), is an English former football player who was born in Hesleden, County Durham, England. [SEP] Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
0	Christmas Day in the Morning (Decca DL 5428, 1952) is the first of several Christmas albums by the folk singer Burl Ives. [SEP] The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
1	The Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actor in a Play is an annual award presented by Drama Desk in recognition of achievements in the theatre among Broadway, Off Broadway and Off-Off Broadway productions. [SEP] Competently directed but terminally cute drama .
0	The Ferrino is a kit sports car based on a Ferrari Dino, using a tubular chassis and glassfiber body. [SEP] The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
0	Tynemouth is a town and a historic borough in Tyne & Wear, England at the mouth of the River Tyne. [SEP] Not just unlikable .
0	In economics, a luxury good is a good for which demand increases more than proportionally as income rises, and is a contrast to a "necessity good", for which demand increases proportionally less than income. [SEP] Disturbing .
0	The Bible names over 120 species of animals by current interpretive standards. [SEP] Disgusting .
0	Samuel Jonah "Sam" Dingle is a fictional character from the British soap opera Emmerdale played by James Hooton. [SEP] Without any redeeming value whatsoever .
0	Mr. William Shakespeare's Comedies, Histories, & Tragedies is the 1623 published collection of William Shakespeare's plays. [SEP] This thing is virtually unwatchable .
1	Samba is a Brazilian musical genre and dance style, with its roots in Africa via the West African slave trade and African religious traditions, particularly of Angola and the Congo, through the samba de roda genre of the northeastern state of Bahia, from which it derived. [SEP] Those eternally devoted to the insanity of Black will have an intermittently good time .
0	Konk is the second album by British indie rock band The Kooks, released on 14 April 2008 on Virgin Records. [SEP] Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
0	Latin music (Música latina in Spanish and Portuguese) is a musical category that encompasses music from the Spanish-speaking areas of the world (namely Latin America and Spain). [SEP] The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
1	A wasp is a type of flying insect. [SEP] The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .
0	Stephen Fry is an English actor, comedian, author and television presenter. [SEP] The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
0	Alejandro de la Cruz Bentos (born May 3, 1978 in Corrientes, Argentina) is an Argentinian footballer. [SEP] In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
0	Entourage is an American comedy-drama television series that premiered on HBO on July 18, 2004 and concluded on September 11, 2011, after eight seasons. [SEP] Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
0	The white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus), also known as the whitetail, is a medium-sized deer native to the United States, Canada, Mexico, Central America, and South America as far south as Peru and Bolivia. [SEP] The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
0	A spur is a metal tool designed to be worn in pairs on the heels of riding boots for the purpose of directing a horse to move forward or laterally while riding. [SEP] The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
0	The heavy cruiser was a type of cruiser, a naval warship designed for long range and high speed, armed generally with naval guns of roughly 203mm calibre (8 inches in caliber) and displacing approximately 10,000 tons. [SEP] The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
0	English folklore is the folk tradition which has developed in England over a number of centuries. [SEP] - spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
0	Acer is a genus of trees or shrubs commonly known as maple. [SEP] A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .
0	Wawel is a fortified architectural complex erected over many centuries atop a limestone outcrop on the left bank of the Vistula river in Kraków, Poland, at an altitude of 228 metres above sea level. [SEP] Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .
0	Aconcagua is the highest mountain outside of Asia, at 6961 m, and by extension the highest point in both the Western Hemisphere and the Southern Hemisphere. [SEP] An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
1	Marsala is a wine, dry or sweet, produced in the region surrounding the Italian city of Marsala in Sicily. [SEP] A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
0	A Wild Hare (re-released as The Wild Hare) is a 1940 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short film. [SEP] This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
0	The royal standards of Canada are flags employed by some members of the Canadian Royal Family to mark the presence of the bearer at any building or area or aboard any car, ship, or airplane, both in Canada and abroad. [SEP] This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
0	The Central Mountain Range, also known as the Zhongyang Range or Chungyang Range (; also ), is the principal range of mountains in Taiwan. [SEP] Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
0	Tigger is a fictional tiger character originally introduced in A. [SEP] The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
0	An axle is a central shaft for a rotating wheel or gear. [SEP] Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .
0	Lidl Stiftung & Co. KG (; ), formerly Schwarz Unternehmens Treuhand KG, is a German global discount supermarket chain, based in Neckarsulm, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, that operates over 10,000 stores across Europe. [SEP] A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
0	In chemistry and physics, volatility is the tendency of a substance to vaporize. [SEP] Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
0	The White Hart ("hart" is an archaic word for a mature stag) was the personal badge of Richard II, who probably derived it from the arms of his mother, Joan "The Fair Maid of Kent", heiress of Edmund of Woodstock. [SEP] Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
0	Ballabriggs (foaled 20 April 2001) is a retired Grand National-winning National Hunt racehorse trained by Donald McCain, Jr. in Cholmondeley, Cheshire and owned by Trevor Hemmings. [SEP] The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
1	The Neolithic Age, Era, or Period, or New Stone Age, was a period in the development of human technology, beginning about 10,200 BC, according to the ASPRO chronology, in some parts of the Middle East, and later in other parts of the world and ending between 4,500 and 2,000 BC. [SEP] The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
0	Oberammergau () is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in Bavaria, Germany. [SEP] The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
0	British Columbia, (commonly referred to by its initials BC), is the westernmost province of Canada, with a population of more than 4 million people located between the Pacific Ocean and the Rocky Mountains. [SEP] Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .
0	Alfred Jingle is a fictional character who appears in the novel The Pickwick Papers by Charles Dickens. [SEP] What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
0	, commonly known as or Tokyo Haneda Airport , is one of the two primary airports that serve the Greater Tokyo Area, and is the primary base of Japan's two major domestic airlines, Japan Airlines (Terminal 1) and All Nippon Airways (Terminal 2), as well as Air Do, Skymark Airlines, Solaseed Air, and StarFlyer. [SEP] No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
1	Dayron Robles (born 19 November 1986) is a Cuban track and field athlete who specialises in the 110 metre hurdles. [SEP] The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?
0	Storm chasing is broadly defined as the pursuit of any severe weather condition, regardless of motive, which can be curiosity, adventure, scientific investigation, or for news or media coverage. [SEP] The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .
0	The Master Cutler is a British named express passenger train that operates on the National Rail network from Sheffield to London and return. [SEP] ... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
0	James Gordon Beckham III (born September 16, 1986) is an American professional baseball third baseman for the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball (MLB). [SEP] A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
0	The Birth of a Nation (originally called The Clansman) is a 1915 American silent epic drama film directed and co-produced by D. W. Griffith and starring Lillian Gish. [SEP] Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
0	Tiramisu (from Italian, spelled tiramisù, meaning "pick me up", "cheer me up", "wake me up" or "lift me up") is a popular coffee-flavoured Italian dessert. [SEP] The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
0	A computer number format is the internal representation of numeric values in digital computer and calculator hardware and software. [SEP] This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
0	The Emerald Coast is an unofficial name for the coastal area in the US state of Florida on the Gulf of Mexico that stretches about 100 mi through five counties, Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa, Walton, and Bay, from Pensacola to Panama City. [SEP] overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
0	Intel Security Group (previously McAfee, Inc. ) is an American global computer security software company headquartered in Santa Clara, California, and the world's largest dedicated security technology company. [SEP] The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '
0	Jean Dominique Antony Metzinger (; June 24, 1883 – November 3, 1956) was a major 20th-century French painter, theorist, writer, critic and poet, who along with Albert Gleizes, developed the theoretical foundations of Cubism. [SEP] Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
0	Man of a Thousand Faces is a 1957 film detailing the life of silent movie actor Lon Chaney, in which the title role is played by James Cagney. [SEP] Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
0	This is a list of cookies (American English), also called biscuits (British English). [SEP] More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
0	The Übermensch (German for "Overman, Superman, Superhuman, Hyperman, Hyperhuman";) is a concept in the philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche. [SEP] Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
0	The Suzuka International Racing Course (official name), for short, is a motorsport race track located in Ino, Suzuka City, Mie Prefecture, Japan and operated by Mobilityland Corporation, a subsidiary of Honda Motor Co., Ltd.. [SEP] It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
0	Proxemics is the study of human use of space and the effects that population density has on behavior, communication, and social interaction. [SEP] Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
0	Badlands is a 1973 American crime film written and directed by Terrence Malick, starring Martin Sheen and Sissy Spacek. [SEP] A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
0	Catherine Thomson "Kate" Dickens (née Hogarth; 19 May 1815 – 22 November 1879) was the wife of English novelist Charles Dickens, and the mother of ten of his children. [SEP] The drama discloses almost nothing .
0	The gluteus maximus (also known collectively with the gluteus medius and minimus, as the gluteal muscles, and sometimes referred to informally as the "glutes") is the main extensor muscle of the hip. [SEP] A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .
0	The historical mystery or historical whodunit is a subgenre of two literary genres, historical fiction and mystery fiction. [SEP] Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .
0	The Hyundai Getz is a supermini car produced by the South Korean manufacturer Hyundai from 2002 to 2011. [SEP] As earnest as a community-college advertisement , American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
0	The M61 is a motorway in North West England. [SEP] A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
0	An antihemorrhagic (antihæmorrhagic) agent is a substance that promotes hemostasis (stops bleeding). [SEP] Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
1	The women's road race, one of the cycling events at the 2012 Olympic Games in London, took place on 29 July over a course starting and ending on The Mall and heading out of London into Surrey. [SEP] The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
0	Alfred Russel Wallace (8 January 1823 – 7 November 1913) was a British naturalist, explorer, geographer, anthropologist, and biologist. [SEP] Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .
0	Horseman, Pass By is the first novel written by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Larry McMurtry. [SEP] -LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
0	The world population increased by 2.1% this year; the highest in history. [SEP] One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .
0	Personal protective equipment (PPE) refers to protective clothing, helmets, goggles, or other garments or equipment designed to protect the wearer's body from injury or infection. [SEP] Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
0	The Royal Botanic Gardens Melbourne are internationally renowned botanical gardens located near the centre of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, on the south bank of the Yarra River. [SEP] Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
0	Film censorship is carried out by various countries to differing degrees, sometimes as a result of powerful or relentless lobbying by organizations or individuals. [SEP] Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
0	Soho is an area of the City of Westminster and is part of the West End of London, England. [SEP] It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
0	Yodeling (also yodelling or jodeling) is a form of singing which involves repeated and rapid changes of pitch between the low-pitch chest register (or "chest voice") and the high-pitch head register or falsetto. [SEP] Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
0	The 2014 Glastonbury Festival of Contemporary Performing Arts was held between 25 to 29 June 2014. [SEP] ... a rather bland affair .
0	Honky Tonk Angels is a 1993 album historically teaming country legends Dolly Parton, Loretta Lynn, and Tammy Wynette. [SEP] Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
0	Lüneburg Heath () is a large area of heath, geest and woodland in the northeastern part of the state of Lower Saxony in northern Germany. [SEP] A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
0	Critical illness insurance, otherwise known as critical illness cover or a dread disease policy, is an insurance product in which the insurer is contracted to typically make a lump sum cash payment if the policyholder is diagnosed with one of the specific illnesses on a predetermined list as part of an insurance policy. [SEP] All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
0	The third series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! [SEP] The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
0	The South Wales Evening Post is a tabloid daily newspaper distributed in the South West Wales area of the United Kingdom. [SEP] Rather than real figures , Elling and Kjell Bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
1	In sailing, heaving to (to heave to and to be hove to) is a way of slowing a sailboat's forward progress, as well as fixing the helm and sail positions so that the boat does not actively have to be steered. [SEP] Mariah Carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .
0	Jennifer "Jennie" Bond (born 19 August 1950) is an English journalist and television presenter. [SEP] It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .
0	USS Vincennes (CG-49) was a guided missile cruiser outfitted with the Aegis combat system that was in service with the United States Navy from July 1985 to June 2005. [SEP] I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
0	Thomas Henry Sargent (21 November 1894 – 7 May 1963), best known by his stage name Max Miller and also known as "The Cheeky Chappie", was a British comedian who was widely regarded as the greatest stand-up comedian of his generation. [SEP] If you go , pack your knitting needles .
0	Admiral (abbreviated as ADM) is a four-star commissioned naval flag officer rank in the United States Navy, the United States Coast Guard and the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps, with the pay grade of O-10. [SEP] The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
0	Bobbyjo (1990 – 2001) was an Irish bred racehorse by Bustineto and Markup, best remembered as the winner of the 1999 Grand National steeplechase at Aintree. [SEP] We do n't even like their characters .
0	Burdette "Bob" Glenn (June 16, 1894 – June 3, 1977) was an American baseball player and pioneer in the field of highway engineering. [SEP] Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
0	James Blake Litherland (born 26 September 1988), known as James Blake, is an English singer, songwriter, musician and record producer from London. [SEP] The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
0	In the card game contract bridge, the major suits are spades () and hearts (). [SEP] It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
0	Taranto (; early Italian: Tarento from ; Ancient Greek: Tarās; Modern Greek: Tarantas; Tarantino "Tarde" ) is a coastal city in Apulia, Southern Italy. [SEP] This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
0	Gas lighting is production of artificial light from combustion of a gaseous fuel, such as hydrogen, methane, carbon monoxide, propane, butane, acetylene, ethylene, or natural gas. [SEP] Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
0	The Pont Neuf (, "New Bridge") is the oldest standing bridge across the river Seine in Paris, France. [SEP] It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
0	The River Severn (Welsh: Afon Hafren, Latin: Sabrina) is the longest river in the United Kingdom, at about 220 mi. [SEP] A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
0	Cepheus is a constellation in the northern sky. [SEP] The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .
0	This is about the historiographical convention. [SEP] Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
0	The first inauguration of Abraham Lincoln as the 16th President of the United States took place on March 4, 1861 on the eve of American Civil War. [SEP] Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
0	The cerebral cortex is the cerebrum's (brain) outer layer of neural tissue in humans and other mammals. [SEP] Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''
0	AstroTurf is a brand of artificial turf. [SEP] Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .
0	A cylinder is the central working part of a reciprocating engine or pump, the space in which a piston travels. [SEP] Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
0	Money is any item or verifiable record that is generally accepted as payment for goods and services and repayment of debts in a particular country or socio-economic context, or is easily converted to such a form. [SEP] The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
0	Stibnite, sometimes called antimonite, is a sulfide mineral with the formula Sb2S3. [SEP] You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
0	Diarrhea, also spelled diarrhoea, is the condition of having at least three loose or liquid bowel movements each day. [SEP] I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
0	The 1998 XVI Commonwealth Games were held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from 11 to 21 September 1998. [SEP] Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
0	Petticoat Lane Market is a fashion and clothing market in the East End of London. [SEP] The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
0	The Gutenberg Bible (also known as the 42-line Bible, the Mazarin Bible or the B42) was the first major book printed using mass-produced movable type. [SEP] Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
1	The Battle of Normandy or Normandy Campaign includes the following: [SEP] - style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
0	An indefinite pronoun is a pronoun that refers to non-specific beings, objects, or places. [SEP] A feeble Tootsie knockoff .
0	In chemistry, a hydrochloride is an acid salt resulting, or regarded as resulting, from the reaction of hydrochloric acid with an organic base (e.g. [SEP] An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
0	Sleaford is a market town and civil parish in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, a non-metropolitan county in the east of England. [SEP] ... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
0	The Pacific Science Center is a science museum located in Seattle, Washington and designed by Minoru Yamasaki for the 1962 World’s Fair in Seattle. [SEP] The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
0	This article describes the medieval weapon. [SEP] An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
0	Dumpling is a broad classification for a dish that consists of small pieces of dough (made from a variety of starch sources), often wrapped around a filling (as in ravioli or wontons). [SEP] One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
0	Lynette Scavo is a fictional character and one of the four protagonists on the series Desperate Housewives. [SEP] A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .
0	Exploitation refers to social relations where an "actor or character of actors uses others for their own end because of a fundamentally asymmetric power relationship between them". [SEP] -LRB- Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
0	The Keepmoat Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Doncaster, England, with a capacity of 15,231. [SEP] Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
0	Louis Comfort Tiffany (February 18, 1848 – January 17, 1933) was an American artist and designer who worked in the decorative arts and is best known for his work in stained glass. [SEP] Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
0	A botanical name is a formal scientific name conforming to the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants (ICN) and, if it concerns a plant cultigen, the additional cultivar and/or Group epithets must conform to the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants (ICNCP). [SEP] Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
0	On 10 April 2010, a Tupolev Tu-154 aircraft of the Polish Air Force crashed near the city of Smolensk, Russia, killing all 96 people on board. [SEP] The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
0	Samphire is a name given to a number of succulent halophytes that tend to be associated with water bodies. [SEP] You have no affinity for most of the characters .
0	A photoreceptor cell is a specialized type of neuron found in the retina that is capable of phototransduction. [SEP] Nothing about them is attractive .
0	Wagah (Punjabi (Gurmukhi): ਵਾਹਗਾ, , ) is a village situated near a road border crossing, goods transit terminal and a railway station between Pakistan and India, and lies on the Grand Trunk Road between the cities of Amritsar, Punjab, India, and Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. [SEP] What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
1	John Jacob Astor (July 17, 1763 – March 29, 1848), born Johann Jakob Astor, was a German–American businessman, merchant, fur trader, and investor who was the first prominent member of the Astor family and the first multi-millionaire in the United States. [SEP] Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
0	In botanical terminology, a berry is a fleshy fruit without a stone produced from a single flower containing one ovary. [SEP] An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
0	Pascua Florida is a Spanish term that means flowery festival or feast of flowers. [SEP] It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
0	#Redirect The Mamas & the PapasThe Elapidae (Greek ἔλλοψ éllops, "sea-fish") are a family of venomous snakes found in tropical and subtropical regions around the world, terrestrially in Asia, Australia, Africa, North America, and South America, and aquatically in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. [SEP] Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .
0	Swithun (or Swithin, , ; died 862 AD) was an Anglo-Saxon bishop of Winchester and subsequently patron saint of Winchester Cathedral. [SEP] No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
0	The Old Testament is the first section of the two-part Christian Biblical canon, which includes the books of the Hebrew Bible or protocanon, and in various Christian denominations also includes the deuterocanonical books. [SEP] You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
0	Grand Theft Auto is an open world action-adventure video game developed by DMA Design and published by BMG Interactive. [SEP] ` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
0	Arkady Romanovitch Rotenberg (, born December 15, 1951 in Leningrad) is a Russian businessman and oligarch. [SEP] Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
0	Gordon Alexander Taylor OBE (born 28 December 1944) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger. [SEP] How about surprising us by trying something new ?
0	Fargo is a 1996 American dark comedy crime thriller film written, produced, edited, and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. [SEP] Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .
0	Theobroma cacao is the taxonomic classification for the plant also called the cacao tree and the cocoa tree, which is a small (4 - tall) evergreen tree in the family Malvaceae, native to the deep tropical regions of Central and South America. [SEP] Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
0	Events [SEP] Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
0	An egret is a bird that is any of several herons, most of which are white or buff, and several of which develop fine plumes (usually milky white) during the breeding season. [SEP] You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
0	#REDIRECTSpear"Marching Through Georgia" (sometimes spelled as "Marching Thru' Georgia" or "Marching Thro Georgia") is a marching song written by Henry Clay Work at the end of the American Civil War in 1865. [SEP] A full-frontal attack on audience patience .
0	The Maghreb, the northernmost part of Africa along the Mediterranean Sea is composed of the countries of Algeria, Libya, Morocco, and Tunisia. [SEP] It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
0	Notting Hill Gate is one of the main thoroughfares of Notting Hill, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. [SEP] Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .
0	Steven Billy Mitchell (born 28 December 1959), usually known by the pseudonym and pen-name of Andy McNab, is an English novelist and former Special Air Service sergeant. [SEP] Too bad none of it is funny .
0	In computer science, the Boolean data type is a data type, having two values (usually denoted true and false), intended to represent the truth values of logic and Boolean algebra. [SEP] The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
0	The Hayward Fault Zone is a geologic fault zone capable of generating significantly destructive earthquakes. [SEP] Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
1	Wagga Wagga ( ; informally called Wagga) is a city in New South Wales, Australia. [SEP] Oh , and more entertaining , too .
0	Uggie (February 14, 2002 – August 7, 2015) was a trained Jack Russell Terrier dog famous for his roles in Water for Elephants and The Artist. [SEP] ... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
0	Marmite ( ) is the brand name for two similar food spreads: the original British version, since 2000 a Unilever product; and a modified version produced in New Zealand by Sanitarium Health Food Company and distributed in Australia and the Pacific. [SEP] Humor in I Spy is so anemic .
0	Bridport is a market town in Dorset, England, situated approximately inland from the English Channel near the confluence of the small River Brit and its tributary the Asker. [SEP] The film is strictly routine .
0	A list of stratovolcanoes active in geologically recent (Holocene) times follows below. [SEP] In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
0	Raisin bran (sultana bran in some countries ) is a breakfast cereal manufactured by several companies under a variety of brand names, including Kellogg's Raisin Bran, General Mills' Total Raisin Bran and Post Foods' Post Raisin Bran. [SEP] You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
0	In Rainbows is the seventh studio album by the English rock band Radiohead, first self-released on 10 October 2007 as a pay-what-you-want download, followed by a physical release internationally by XL Recordings starting on 3 December 2007 and in the United States on 1 January 2008 by TBD Records. [SEP] Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
0	Armeria is a genus of flowering plants. [SEP] We get the comedy we settle for .
0	Hypovolemia (also hypovolaemia or oligemia) is a state of decreased blood volume; more specifically, decrease in volume of blood plasma. [SEP] The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
0	Bluesology was a 1960s English R&B group, best remembered as being the first professional band of which Reggie Dwight – later known as Elton John – was a member. [SEP] A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
0	The De Beers Group of Companies has a leading role in the diamond exploration, diamond mining, diamond retail, diamond trading and industrial diamond manufacturing sectors. [SEP] And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
1	Jason Grimshaw, is a fictional character from the British soap opera Coronation Street. [SEP] The campy results make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .
0	Winchester rifle is a comprehensive term describing a series of lever-action repeating rifles manufactured by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company. [SEP] Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
0	Charroux Abbey (), is a ruined monastery in Charroux, in the Vienne department of Poitou-Charentes, western France. [SEP] The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
0	Stay Alive is a 2006 horror film directed by William Brent Bell, who cowrote it with Matthew Peterman. [SEP] Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
0	On May 1, 2010, an attempted terrorist attack occurred in Times Square in Manhattan, New York. [SEP] Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
0	Microsoft Office is an office suite of applications, servers, and services developed by Microsoft. [SEP] All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
1	The onager (Equus hemionus), also known as hemione or Asiatic wild ass, is a large equid of the family Equidae (horse family) native to Asia. [SEP] Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
0	This is a list of legendary creatures from mythology, folklore and fairy tales, sorted by their classification or affiliation. [SEP] True to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
0	Paul McCartney had numerous relationships during his early life in Liverpool, and during his time with the Beatles. [SEP] Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .
0	Mary Coughlan (born 28 May 1965) is an Irish former Fianna Fáil politician who served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal South-West constituency from 1987 to 2011, latterly attaining the office of Tánaiste (Deputy prime minister) of Ireland. [SEP] The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
0	Bob Colston was a broadcaster who was famous in the United Kingdom as the voice of the football results on the ITV programme World of Sport which ran from 1965 to 1985. [SEP] Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
0	Swarkestone is a village and civil parish in Derbyshire, England. [SEP] Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .
0	Carne de vinha d'alhos is a Portuguese dish categorized according to mode of preparation as an adobo. [SEP] It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
0	A recreational vehicle (RV) is, in North America, the usual term for a motor vehicle or trailer equipped with living space and amenities found in a home. [SEP] Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
0	Bosnia and Herzegovina ( or; Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian Latin script: Bosna i Hercegovina, Bosnian and Serbian Cyrillic script: Боснa и Херцеговина;), sometimes called Bosnia-Herzegovina or Bosnia & Herzegovina, abbreviated BiH or B&H, and, in short, often known informally as Bosnia, is a country in Southeastern Europe located on the Balkan Peninsula. [SEP] ... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
0	A Devon hedge, also known as a Devon hedgebank, consist of a rubble or earth bank that is usually topped with bushy shrubs forming a hedgerow, with trees also being a frequent and noticeable feature.Devon's Hedges (1997), p.1. [SEP] The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
0	In the sport of cricket, an extra (sometimes called a sundry) is a run scored by a means other than a batsman hitting the ball. [SEP] Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
0	Alison Saunders, (born 14 February 1961) is a British barrister and the Director of Public Prosecutions. [SEP] Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
0	The brachial artery is the major blood vessel of the (upper) arm. [SEP] The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .
0	A mohawk is a turn in figure skating that involves a change of foot but not a change of edge. [SEP] This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
0	Not to be confused with Huddersfield Town A.F.C. [SEP] Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
0	Caste is a form of social stratification characterized by endogamy, hereditary transmission of a lifestyle which often includes an occupation, ritual status in a hierarchy and customary social interaction and exclusion based on cultural notions of purity and pollution. [SEP] That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
0	The Golden Bagel Award is an award established in 2004 that honors the professional male tennis player who has handed out more "bagels" (sets won 6–0), than any other player on the circuit. [SEP] It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
0	James Michael Furyk (born May 12, 1970) is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour. [SEP] If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
0	Easter Monday is the day after Easter Sunday and is a holiday in some countries. [SEP] Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
0	Smallpox vaccine, the first successful vaccine to be developed, was introduced by Edward Jenner in 1796. [SEP] It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
0	The Mediterranean diet is a modern nutritional recommendation originally inspired by the dietary patterns of Greece, Southern Italy, and Spain in the 1940s and 1950s. [SEP] Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
0	Clark University is an American private research university located in Worcester, Massachusetts, the second largest city in New England. [SEP] As pedestrian as they come .
0	I, Robot (stylized as i, ROBOT) is a 2004 American neo-noir dystopian science fiction action film directed by Alex Proyas. [SEP] A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
0	Islamic astronomy comprises the astronomical developments made in the Islamic world, particularly during the Islamic Golden Age (8th–15th centuries), and mostly written in the Arabic language. [SEP] It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
0	The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan at Canal Street with Downtown Brooklyn at the Flatbush Avenue Extension. [SEP] More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
0	Joseph Walter "Joe" Jackson (born July 26, 1929) is a talent manager and is the father of the Jackson family of entertainers which included the artist Michael Jackson. [SEP] An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
0	"Prince Charming" was a number-one single in the UK Singles Chart for four weeks in September 1981 for Adam and the Ants. [SEP] The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
0	The Cat's Meow is a 2001 period drama film directed by Peter Bogdanovich, and starring Kirsten Dunst, Eddie Izzard, Edward Herrmann, Cary Elwes, Joanna Lumley and Jennifer Tilly. [SEP] As saccharine as it is disposable .
0	The Kennet is a river in the south of England, and a tributary of the River Thames. [SEP] You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
0	The Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) is an external intelligence service of the United States specializing in defense and military intelligence. [SEP] The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
0	John Douglas Torode (born 23 July 1965) is an Australian celebrity chef. [SEP] Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
0	Skip McDonald (born Bernard Alexander, 1949, Dayton, Ohio ) is an American musician who also performs under the stage name Little Axe. [SEP] Too much power , not enough puff .
0	HMS Belfast is a museum ship, originally a Royal Navy light cruiser, permanently moored in London on the River Thames and operated by the Imperial War Museum. [SEP] The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
0	Paul-Marie Verlaine (; ; 30 March 1844 – 8 January 1896) was a French poet associated with the Symbolist movement. [SEP] It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
0	Sir Richard Francis Burton (19 March 1821 – 20 October 1890) was a British explorer, geographer, translator, writer, soldier, orientalist, cartographer, ethnologist, spy, linguist, poet, fencer, and diplomat. [SEP] A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
0	Tower of London is a 1939 black-and-white historical film and quasi-horror film released by Universal Pictures and directed by Rowland V. Lee. [SEP] For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .
0	Events [SEP] Narc is all menace and atmosphere .
0	CSI was a media franchise of American television programs created by Anthony E. Zuiker. [SEP] Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
0	"Empire State of Mind" is a song written by Angela Hunte and Jane't "Jnay" Sewell-Ulepic and produced by American rapper Jay-Z, featuring vocals sung by American singer Alicia Keys. [SEP] It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
0	The Winter War (, , ) was a military conflict between the Soviet Union and Finland in 1939–1940. [SEP] his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
0	A deck is a permanent covering over a compartment or a hull of a ship. [SEP] It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
0	Lisa Marie Nowak (née Caputo, born May 10, 1963) is an American former naval flight officer and NASA astronaut. [SEP] A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
0	Left-wing terrorism (sometimes called Marxist–Leninist terrorism or revolutionary/left-wing terrorism) is terrorism meant to overthrow capitalist systems and replace them with socialist societies. [SEP] There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
0	This is a list of the busiest airports in South America. [SEP] As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
0	Independent Television Service (ITVS) is a service in the United States which funds and presents documentaries and dramas on public television thru distribution by PBS and American Public Television, new media projects on the Internet, and the weekly series Independent Lens and Global Voices on PBS. [SEP] Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
1	The Karakoram, or Karakorum is a large mountain range spanning the borders between Pakistan, India, China and Afghanistan, located in the regions of Gilgit–Baltistan, Ladakh (India), southern Xinjiang (China) and the northeastern frontier of the Wakhan Corridor (Afghanistan). [SEP] `` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
1	Lucky Strike is an American brand of cigarettes owned by the British American Tobacco groups. [SEP] One of the best , most understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career .
1	The War of Jenkins' Ear (known as Guerra del Asiento in Spain) was a conflict between Britain and Spain that lasted from 1739 to 1748, with major operations largely ended by 1742. [SEP] The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
1	Several entities go by the name "cities" in colloquial terms: [SEP] It 's a masterpiece .
0	Brenda Anne Blethyn, OBE (née Bottle; 20 February 1946) is an English actress who has worked in theatre, television and film, best known for her role in Mike Leigh's 1996 drama Secrets & Lies, and, from 2011, for the title role in the TV detective series Vera. [SEP] They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
1	Monaco's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 in Istanbul was the first after a twenty-five-year break. [SEP] And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
1	Samuel (; ; Arabic: Ṣamuil; Samouēl; ; Strong's: Shemuwel), literally meaning "Name of God" in Hebrew, is a leader of ancient Israel in the Books of Samuel in the Hebrew Bible. [SEP] Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
1	A potion (from Latin potio "drink") is a magical medicine, drug or poison in liquid form. [SEP] By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
1	The Methodist Church of Great Britain is a Wesleyan Methodist church in Britain and the mother church to Methodists worldwide. [SEP] Birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
1	That's So Raven is an American supernatural teen sitcom television series. [SEP] ` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
1	Breathless (French: À bout de souffle; "out of breath") is a 1960 French film written and directed by Jean-Luc Godard about a wandering criminal (Jean-Paul Belmondo) and his American girlfriend (Jean Seberg). [SEP] The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
1	Shirley Anita St. Hill Chisholm (November 30, 1924 – January 1, 2005) was an American politician, educator, and author. [SEP] As a film director , LaBute continues to improve .
1	is a Japanese Josei manga series written and illustrated by Ai Yazawa, serialized in Cookie published by Shueisha. [SEP] Will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
1	Dead Calm is a 1989 Australian psychological thriller film starring Sam Neill, Nicole Kidman and Billy Zane. [SEP] Catch it ... if you can !
0	Fable is a literary genre: a succinct fictional story, in prose or verse, that features animals, mythical creatures, plants, inanimate objects, or forces of nature that are anthropomorphized (given human qualities, such as the ability to speak human language) and that illustrates or leads to a particular moral lesson (a "moral"), which may at the end be added explicitly as a pithy maxim. [SEP] American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .
1	Moshi Monsters is a British website aimed at children aged 6–12 with over 90 million registered users in 150 territories worldwide. [SEP] ` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
1	Events [SEP] It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
1	Penzance (; ) is a town, civil parish and port in Cornwall, in England, United Kingdom. [SEP] Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
1	Carrie Anne Mathison, played by actress Claire Danes, is a fictional character and the protagonist of the American television drama/thriller series Homeland on Showtime, created by Alex Gansa and Howard Gordon. [SEP] The script is smart , not cloying .
1	] [SEP] Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
1	Funding is the act of providing financial resources, usually in the form of money, or other values such as effort or time, to finance a need, program, and project, usually by an organisation or government. [SEP] A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
1	Shelley Lee Long (born August 23, 1949) is an American actress. [SEP] One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .
1	On the Beach is a 1957 post-apocalyptic novel written by British-Australian author Nevil Shute after he emigrated to Australia. [SEP] An ambitious ` what if ? '
1	Sardar Mohammed Daoud Khan or Daud Khan (July 18, 1909 – April 28, 1978) was the Prime Minister of Afghanistan from 1953 to 1963, and later became the first President of Afghanistan. [SEP] that works .
1	Geoffrey Boycott OBE (born 21 October 1940) is a former Yorkshire and England cricketer. [SEP] `` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
1	The leopard in heraldry is traditionally depicted the same as a lion, but in a walking position with its head turned to full face, thus it is also known as a lion passant guardant in some texts, though leopards more naturally depicted make some appearances in modern heraldry. [SEP] Nice piece of work .
1	Philippa Charlotte "Pippa" Middleton (; born 6 September 1983) is an English socialite, author, columnist, and the younger sister of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge. [SEP] ` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
1	Emmitt James Douglas (October 14, 1926 – March 25, 1981) was an African-American businessman from New Roads, Louisiana, who served as president of his state's National Association for the Advancement of Colored People from 1966 until his death. [SEP] It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
1	A matrifocal family structure is one where mothers head families and fathers play a less important role in the home and in bringing up children. [SEP] Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
1	Goat Island (previously called Iris Island) is a small island in the Niagara River, located in the middle of Niagara Falls between the Bridal Veil Falls and the Horseshoe Falls. [SEP] From blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
1	The October 2010 Sumatra earthquake occurred with a moment magnitude of 7.7 on 25 October off the western coast of Sumatra at 21:42 local time (14:42 UTC). [SEP] Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
1	Dennis Lee Hopper (May 17, 1936 – May 29, 2010) was an American actor, filmmaker, photographer, and artist. [SEP] Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
0	The Twenty-fourth Amendment (Amendment XXIV) of the United States Constitution prohibits both Congress and the states from conditioning the right to vote in federal elections on payment of a poll tax or other types of tax. [SEP] Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
0	Veronica Yvette Bennett (born August 10, 1943), better known by her stage name Ronnie Spector is an American singer. [SEP] Go back to sleep .
0	Georgy Girl is a 1966 British film based on a novel by Margaret Forster. [SEP] I did n't laugh .
0	#redirectSheffield Wednesday F.C.42nd Street is an American musical with a book by Michael Stewart and Mark Bramble, lyrics by Al Dubin, and music by Harry Warren. [SEP] I did n't smile .
0	A Little Pretty Pocket-Book, intended for the Amusement of Little Master Tommy and Pretty Miss Polly with Two Letters from Jack the Giant Killer is the title of a 1744 children's book by British publisher John Newbery. [SEP] The worst film of the year .
0	The Archdiocese of Luanda () is the oldest Roman Catholic (arch)bishopric in Angola [SEP] In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
0	A thickening agent or thickener is a substance which can increase the viscosity of a liquid without substantially changing its other properties. [SEP] A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
0	Daniel Luca Vettori, ONZM (born 27 January 1979) is a retired cricketer who played for the New Zealand cricket team. [SEP] Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
0	André René Roussimoff (May 19, 1946 – January 27, 1993), known as André the Giant, was a French professional wrestler and actor. [SEP] Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
0	The history of Arsenal Football Club between 1886 and 1966 covers the time from the club's foundation, through the first two major periods of success (the 1930s, and the late 1940s and early 1950s, respectively) and the club's subsequent decline to mid-table status in the 1960s. [SEP] This is no `` Waterboy ! ''
0	Below are statistics and records related to Chelsea Football Club. [SEP] Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
0	Pointillism is a technique of painting in which small, distinct dots of color are applied in patterns to form an image. [SEP] The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
0	"Say Hello, Wave Goodbye" is a song from the album Non-Stop Erotic Cabaret by English synthpop duo Soft Cell that was released as a single in 1982 and reached number three on the UK Singles Chart. [SEP] ... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
1	Babel-17 is a 1966 science fiction novel by American writer Samuel R. Delany in which the Sapir–Whorf Hypothesis (that language influences thought and perception) plays an important part. [SEP] By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
0	Poplar Walk is wide footpath running north–south in Christ Church Meadow, Oxford, England. [SEP] I ca n't recommend it .
1	A pygmy is a member of an ethnic group whose average height is unusually short; anthropologists define pygmy as a member of any group where adult men are on average less than 150 cm (4 feet 11 inches) tall. [SEP] But it 's surprisingly harmless .
1	Samuel Ryder (24 March 1858 – 2 January 1936) was an English businessman, entrepreneur, golf enthusiast, and golf promoter. [SEP] What 's next ?
0	In semantics, contrast is a relationship between two discourse segments. [SEP] The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
0	The coat of arms of Australia is the formal symbol of the Commonwealth of Australia and its monarch, currently Queen Elizabeth. [SEP] Absolutely not .
0	The Comic Strip is a group of British comedians who came to prominence in the 1980s. [SEP] It sucked .
0	Melatonin, chemically N-acetyl-5-methoxy tryptamine, is a substance found in animals, plants, fungi, and bacteria. [SEP] A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
0	James Keir Hardie (15 August 1856 - 26 September 1915) was a Scottish socialist and the first Labour Member of Parliament. [SEP] This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
0	Physical exercise is any bodily activity that enhances or maintains physical fitness and overall health and wellness. [SEP] What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
0	The Berlin Trilogy consists of three consecutively released studio albums by English singer and songwriter David Bowie: Low (1977), "Heroes" (1977) and Lodger (1979). [SEP] If only it were , well , funnier .
0	Andrew David "Andy" Farrell OBE (born 30 May 1975) is an English former professional dual-code international rugby footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. [SEP] The script ?
0	The River Nore () is a 140 km long river located in south-east of Ireland. [SEP] Does n't add up to much .
0	A phalarope is any of three living species of slender-necked shorebirds in the genus Phalaropus of the bird family Scolopacidae. [SEP] One of the worst movies of the year .
0	The Mysterious Island () is a novel by Jules Verne, published in 1874. [SEP] A complete waste of time .
0	Raintown is the debut album of Scottish pop band Deacon Blue. [SEP] Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
0	Aristocracy (Greek ἀριστοκρατία aristokratía, from ἄριστος aristos "excellent," and κράτος kratos "power") is a form of government that places power in the hands of a small, privileged ruling class. [SEP] One of the worst movies of the year .
0	Diana Dors (born Diana Mary Fluck; 23 October 1931 – 4 May 1984) was an English actress. [SEP] ... Watching it was painful .
0	Paul Randall Wight, Jr. (born February 8, 1972) is an American professional wrestler and actor, better known by his ring name Big Show. [SEP] The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
1	Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel (February 28, 1906 – June 20, 1947) was a Jewish American mobster. [SEP] Spiderman ROCKS
1	The Seven Little Foys is a Technicolor in VistaVision 1955 film starring Bob Hope as Eddie Foy. [SEP] A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
1	The year 2004 in film involved some significant events. [SEP] Thoroughly enjoyable .
1	Clan Donald, also known as Clan MacDonald (), is a Highland Scottish clan and one of the largest Scottish clans. [SEP] Family fare .
1	The past is a term used to indicate the totality of events which occurred before a given point in time. [SEP] Boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
1	A flag carrier is a transportation company, such as an airline or shipping company, that, being locally registered in a given state, enjoys preferential rights or privileges accorded by the government for international operations. [SEP] An exhilarating experience .
1	In chess, a skewer is an attack upon two pieces in a line and is similar to a pin. [SEP] Compellingly watchable .
1	Bonaire (pronounced or; , Papiamentu: Boneiru) is an island in the Leeward Antilles in the Caribbean Sea. [SEP] Troubling and powerful .
1	Boiled eggs are eggs (typically chicken eggs) cooked with their shells unbroken, usually by immersion in boiling water. [SEP] Often hilarious .
1	God of War is an action-adventure video game series loosely based on Greek mythology, originally created by David Jaffe at Sony's Santa Monica Studio. [SEP] A modest masterpiece .
1	The European Broadcasting Union (EBU; ) is an alliance of public service media entities, established on 12 February 1950. [SEP] Never once predictable .
1	A Raisin in the Sun is a play by Lorraine Hansberry that debuted on Broadway in 1959. [SEP] An uplifting , near-masterpiece .
1	Jules Gabriel Verne (; ; 8 February 1828 – 24 March 1905) was a French novelist, poet, and playwright best known for his adventure novels and his profound influence on the literary genre of science fiction. [SEP] Warm and exotic .
1	The Daewoo Lanos is a subcompact car produced by the South Korean manufacturer Daewoo from 1997 to 2002, after being car of the year it continued to be produced under license agreements to the present in various countries worldwide. [SEP] ... a true delight .
1	Delta is an American versatile family of expendable launch systems that has provided space launch capability in the United States since 1960. [SEP] A true pleasure .
1	Infant formula is a manufactured food designed and marketed for feeding to babies and infants under 12 months of age, usually prepared for bottle-feeding or cup-feeding from powder (mixed with water) or liquid (with or without additional water). [SEP] Polished , well-structured film .
1	The Woman in Black is a 1987 stage play, adapted by Stephen Mallatratt. [SEP] Sexy and romantic .
1	The Dunkirk evacuation, code-named Operation Dynamo, also known as the Miracle of Dunkirk, was the evacuation of Allied soldiers from the beaches and harbour of Dunkirk, France, between 26 May and 4 June 1940, during World War II. [SEP] Psychologically savvy .
1	#redirect Coronation Street"Who Killed Cock Robin" is an English nursery rhyme, which has been much used as a murder archetype in world culture. [SEP] delightfully rendered
1	Choreography is the art or practice of designing sequences of movements of physical bodies (or their depictions) in which motion, form, or both are specified. [SEP] Fun and nimble .
1	Richard Paul Bacon (born 30 November 1975) is an English television and radio presenter, best known as a former host of Blue Peter. [SEP] Funny and touching .
1	The East Coast of the United States is the coastline along which the Eastern United States meets the North Atlantic Ocean. [SEP] Serious and thoughtful .
1	Maltesers are a confectionery product manufactured by Mars, Incorporated. [SEP] It strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
1	Madhur Jaffrey, CBE (born Bahadur, 13 August 1933) is an Indian-born actress, food and travel writer, and television personality. [SEP] Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
1	"Glory Days" is a 1984 song, written and performed by American rock singer Bruce Springsteen. [SEP] One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
1	Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE (; born 18 November 1963) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and was voted the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper in 1992 and 1993. [SEP] Lightweight but appealing .
1	Analysis of variance (ANOVA) is a collection of statistical models used to analyze the differences among group means and their associated procedures (such as "variation" among and between groups), developed by statistician and evolutionary biologist Ronald Fisher. [SEP] Highly engaging .
0	Dame Quentin Alice Louise Bryce (née Strachan; born 23 December 1942) was the 25th Governor-General of Australia, holding office from September 2008 until March 2014. [SEP] Feral and uncomfortable .
1	An epitaph (from Greek epitaphios "a funeral oration" from ἐπί epi "at, over" and τάφος taphos "tomb") is a short text honoring a deceased person. [SEP] A gripping drama .
1	"Strawberry Fields Forever" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles. [SEP] Beautifully produced .
1	A smartphone is a mobile phone with an advanced mobile operating system which combines features of a personal computer operating system with other features useful for mobile or handheld use. [SEP] Smart and taut .
1	Horse meat (or horse beef) is the culinary name for meat cut from a horse. [SEP] Highly watchable stuff .
1	The Eastern Ghats or Pūrva Ghaṭ, (Hindi: पूर्व घाट) also known as Mahendra Parvatam, are a discontinuous range of mountains along India's eastern coast. [SEP] Psychologically revealing .
1	A cofactor is a non-protein chemical compound or metallic ion that is required for a protein's biological activity to happen. [SEP] A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
1	The English word spirit, from Latin spiritus "breath", has many different meanings and connotations, most of them relating to a non-corporeal substance contrasted with the material body. [SEP] ... wise and elegiac ...
1	This is a list of television programmes that are either currently being broadcast, or have previously been broadcast on the children's television strand of the BBC in the United Kingdom, which includes both CBBC and CBeebies. [SEP] Surprisingly insightful
1	Wimbledon Common is a large open space in Wimbledon, south-west London, totalling 460 hectares (1,140 acres). [SEP] An intoxicating experience .
1	This is a list of cities in Pakistan. [SEP] Reassuring , retro uplifter .
1	Endgame, by Samuel Beckett, is a one-act play with four characters. [SEP] Visually captivating .
1	Yitzhak Rabin (;; 1 March 1922 – 4 November 1995) was an Israeli politician, statesman and general. [SEP] An impressive hybrid .
1	Alan Keith OBE (born Alexander Kossoff; 19 October 1908 – 17 March 2003) was a British actor, disc jockey and radio presenter, noted for being the longest serving and oldest presenter on British radio by the time of his death aged 94. [SEP] A tasty masala .
1	A gear or cogwheel is a rotating machine part having cut teeth, or cogs, which mesh with another toothed part to transmit torque. [SEP] Refreshing .
1	Decapitation (from Latin, caput, capitis, meaning head) is the complete separation of the head from the body. [SEP] Featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
1	Ian David McShane (born 29 September 1942) is an English actor, voice artist, and comedian. [SEP] Poignant and funny .
1	Events in the year 1848 in Mexico. [SEP] See it .
1	Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk, 1st Viscount Lisle, (c.148422 August 1545) was the son of Sir William Brandon and Elizabeth Bruyn. [SEP] Remember it .
1	In France, Charles de Gaulle is called or referred to with different names, depending on who is talking, and possibly what are feelings of the person talking about De Gaulle are. [SEP] Morvern rocks .
1	Italian draughts is a variant of the Draughts family played mainly in Italy and Northern Africa. [SEP] Intelligent and moving .
1	The Jacobean style is the second phase of Renaissance architecture in England, following the Elizabethan style. [SEP] Genuinely unnerving .
1	The Girondins or Girondists were members of the Gironde, a political group operating in France from 1791 to 1795 during the French Revolution. [SEP] A compelling film .
1	Betty Blue Eyes is a 2011 stage musical comedy based on the 1984 film A Private Function, and features music by George Stiles, with lyrics by Anthony Drewe. [SEP] Deliciously slow .
1	William Moulton Marston (May 9, 1893 – May 2, 1947), also known by the pen name Charles Moulton, was an American psychologist, lawyer, inventor, and comic book writer who created the character Wonder Woman. [SEP] A riveting documentary .
1	Patrick Rory McGrath (born 17 March 1956), known as Rory McGrath, is a British comedian and writer. [SEP] An enjoyable experience .
1	The naval Battle of Dungeness took place on 30 November 1652 (10 December Gregorian calendar), during the First Anglo-Dutch War near the cape of Dungeness in Kent. [SEP] A good thriller .
1	Alysha Brillinger (born November 3), better known by her stage name Alysha Brilla is an Indo-Tanzanian-Canadian musician. [SEP] Neatly constructed thriller .
1	An electrostatic generator, or electrostatic machine, is an electromechanical generator that produces static electricity, or electricity at high voltage and low continuous current. [SEP] Intimate and panoramic .
1	Rupert Chawner Brooke (middle name sometimes given as "Chaucer"; 3 August 1887 – 23 April 1915The date of Brooke's death and burial under the Julian calendar that applied in Greece at the time was 10 April. [SEP] Exciting documentary .
1	Norma Jean Beasler (born January 30, 1938), better known as Norma Jean, is an American country music singer who was a member of The Porter Wagoner Show from 1961–1967. [SEP] Good , solid storytelling .
1	The Very Best of Meat Loaf is a 1998 album spanning the first 21 years of Meat Loaf's recording career. [SEP] Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .
1	GemStone/S is a proprietary application framework that was first available for Smalltalk as an object database. [SEP] Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
0	A Trip to the Moon () is a 1902 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès. [SEP] A muted freak-out
1	In astronomy, geography, and related sciences and contexts, a direction passing by a given point is said to be vertical if it is locally aligned with the local gravity vector at that point. [SEP] Moving and vibrant .
1	The Dakotas is a group of British musicians, which initially convened as a backing band in Manchester, England. [SEP] ... quite endearing .
1	Sir Leonard "Len" Hutton (23 June 1916 – 6 September 1990) was an English cricketer who played as an opening batsman for Yorkshire from 1934 to 1955 and for England in 79 Test matches between 1937 and 1955. [SEP] Harmless fun .
1	Dyeing is the process of adding color to textile products like fibers, yarns, and fabrics. [SEP] Good-naturedly cornball sequel .
1	The Bourne Identity is a 1980 spy fiction thriller by Robert Ludlum that tells the story of Jason Bourne, a man with remarkable survival abilities who suffers from retrograde amnesia, and must seek to discover his true identity. [SEP] Oddly compelling .
1	Zionism ( Tsiyyonut after Zion) is a nationalist political movement of Jews and Jewish culture that supports the re-establishment of a Jewish homeland in the territory defined as the historic Land of Israel (roughly corresponding to Palestine, Canaan or the Holy Land). [SEP] Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
1	This is a list of national capitals ordered by altitude. [SEP] Hard to resist .
1	The Kingdom of Serbia (), often rendered Servia in English at the time of its existence, was created when Prince Milan Obrenović, ruler of the Principality of Serbia, was crowned king in 1882. [SEP] A true-blue delight .
1	The 50 State Quarters Program () was the release of a series of circulating commemorative coins by the United States Mint. [SEP] A fun ride .
0	Parfait (; from French meaning "perfect") is a kind of frozen dessert that dates to 1894. [SEP] Weird .
1	"Susie Q" is a song by Louisiana-born singer and guitarist Dale Hawkins (1936–2010). [SEP] Rewarding .
1	The Comedy Store is a comedy club located in West Hollywood, California, at 8433 Sunset Boulevard on the Sunset Strip. [SEP] Sleek and arty .
1	Skipton (also known as Skipton-in-Craven) is a market town and civil parish in the Craven district of North Yorkshire, England. [SEP] Fantastic !
1	The inception of Darwin's theory occurred during an intensively busy period which began when Charles Darwin returned from the survey voyage of the Beagle, with his reputation as a fossil collector and geologist already established. [SEP] A thought-provoking picture .
1	Marie Osmond (born Olive Marie Osmond; October 13, 1959) is an American singer, film screenwriter, actress, doll designer, and a member of the show business family the Osmonds. [SEP] A stylish thriller .
0	The National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league consisting of 32 teams, divided equally between the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC). [SEP] Almost peerlessly unsettling .
1	African literature is literature of or from Africa and includes oral literature (or "orature", in the term coined by Ugandan scholar Pio Zirimu). [SEP] Delirious fun .
1	Tapas is a Sanskrit word that means "to heat". [SEP] Exciting and well-paced .
1	Bob Carolgees (born Robert Johnson) is a comedy entertainer who appeared on the Saturday morning TV series Tiswas and then later in its adult versions O.T.T. [SEP] Really quite funny .
1	' is a Latin philosophical proposition by usually translated into English as "I think, therefore I am". [SEP] A well-executed spy-thriller .
0	Mohs surgery, also known as chemosurgery, developed in 1938 by a general surgeon, Frederic E. Mohs, is microscopically controlled surgery used to treat common types of skin cancer. [SEP] Idiotic and ugly .
1	Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the sixth and penultimate novel in the Harry Potter series, written by British author J. K. Rowling. [SEP] A funny film .
1	Kuusamo is a town and municipality in Finland. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- satisfying niblet .
1	Licence Renewed, first published in 1981, is the first novel by John Gardner featuring Ian Fleming's secret agent, James Bond. [SEP] Poetic , heartbreaking .
1	László Almásy de Zsadány et Törökszentmiklós (27 July 1869 – 12 March 1936) was a Hungarian jurist, soldier and politician, who served as Speaker of the House of Representatives between 1929 and 1935. [SEP] Formuliac , but fun .
1	Roy Hudd, OBE (born 16 May 1936) is an English comedian, actor, radio host, author and authority on the history of music hall entertainment. [SEP] `` Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .
1	Jeremy David Hounsell "Jerry" Dammers, (born 22 May 1955) is a British musician who is a founder, keyboard player and primary songwriter of the Coventry, England based ska revival band The Specials, The Special A.K.A. [SEP] Full of surprises .
1	Joan Craddock Fry (6 May 1906 – 29 September 1985)[http://www.npg.org.uk/collections/search/person/mp65940/joan-fry-mrs-ta-lakeman National Portrait Gallery, London, Joan Fry (Mrs T.A. [SEP] Quietly engaging .
1	Enfield Southgate is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2005 by David Burrowes, a Conservative. [SEP] Dense , exhilarating documentary .
1	Christy Rawstron (born 25 June 1993) is a female former water polo player from South Africa. [SEP] a joyous occasion
1	This is a list of Nobel Prize laureates by country. [SEP] -LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary .
1	Envy (from Latin invidia) is an emotion which "occurs when a person lacks another's superior quality, achievement, or possession and either desires it or wishes that the other lacked it". [SEP] A genuine mind-bender .
1	The Republic of Dahomey () was established on December 11, 1958, as a self-governing colony within the French Community. [SEP] Great character interaction .
1	Parchment is a material made from processed animal skin and used—mainly in the past—for writing on. [SEP] Intriguing and stylish .
1	Thomas Loren Friedman (born July 20, 1953) is an American journalist and author. [SEP] Many insightful moments .
0	Anthony John "Tony" Hancock (12 May 1924 – 25 June 1968) was an English comedian and actor. [SEP] Everything is off .
0	Ronald Reagan was the governor of California for two terms, first in 1967, then re-elected in 1971. [SEP] One lousy movie .
0	Carole King (born February 9, 1942) is an American composer and singer-songwriter. [SEP] ... hypnotically dull .
0	Wolfgang Haken (born June 21, 1928 in Berlin, Germany) is a mathematician who specializes in topology, in particular 3-manifolds. [SEP] Thoroughly awful .
0	Desmond Carrington (born 23 May 1926) is a UK actor and broadcaster, currently best known for his weekly Friday evening show, The Music Goes Round, on BBC Radio 2. [SEP] Truly terrible .
0	Don Warrington, MBE (born Donald Williams, 23 May 1951) is a Trinidadian-born British actor. [SEP] Fluffy and disposible .
0	Clarabelle Cow is a Disney fictional character within the Mickey Mouse universe of characters. [SEP] By-the-numbers yarn .
0	The public funeral of Diana, Princess of Wales started on 6 September 1997 at 9:08 am in London, when the tenor bell sounded to signal the departure of the cortege from Kensington Palace. [SEP] Aan opportunity wasted .
0	Kanukai Jackson (born ) is a British male artistic gymnast, representing his nation at international competitions. [SEP] Storytelling feels slight .
0	Archie Andrews, created in 1941 by Vic Bloom and Bob Montana, is a fictional character in an American comic book series published by Archie Comics, as well as the long-running Archie Andrews radio series, a syndicated comic strip, The Archie Show, and Archie's Weird Mysteries. [SEP] Bad company .
0	Semen, also known as seminal fluid, is an organic fluid that may contain spermatozoa. [SEP] Bad movie .
0	A cardinal (Latin: sanctae romanae ecclesiae cardinalis, literally cardinal of the Holy Roman Church) is a senior ecclesiastical leader, formerly considered an ecclesiastical prince, and usually (now always for those created when still within the voting age-range) an ordained bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. [SEP] Just plain bad .
0	Aimee Kelly is a British actress born on 8 July 1993 in Fenham, Newcastle. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- soulless , stupid sequel ...
0	The lungs are the primary organs of respiration in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails. [SEP] A high-minded snoozer .
0	Stephen James "Steve" Howe (born 8 April 1947) is an English musician and songwriter. [SEP] Execrable .
1	Pescatarianism (also spelled pescetarianism) is the practice of following a diet that includes fish or other seafood, but not the flesh of other animals. [SEP] Amazingly dopey .
0	Mary Richards, portrayed by Mary Tyler Moore, is the main character of the television sitcom The Mary Tyler Moore Show. [SEP] Banal and predictable .
0	The pecan (Carya illinoinensis) is a species of hickory native to Mexico and the southcentral and southeastern regions of the United States.Flora of North America: [http://www.efloras.org/florataxon.aspx?flora_id1&taxon_id [SEP] Brisk hack job .
0	Flipper, from Ivan Tors Films in association with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television, is an American television program first broadcast on NBC from September 19, 1964, until April 15, 1967. [SEP] ... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
0	In category theory and its applications to mathematics, a biproduct of a finite collection of objects, in a category with zero objects, is both a product and a coproduct. [SEP] ... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
0	The pit, named after the hard core found in fruits such as peaches and apricots, is the core of an implosion nuclear weapon – the fissile material and any neutron reflector or tamper bonded to it. [SEP] Obvious .
0	Men Behaving Badly is a British sitcom that was created and written by Simon Nye. [SEP] Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
0	Vanity Fair is a 2004 British-American historical drama film directed by Mira Nair and adapted from William Makepeace Thackeray's novel of the same name. [SEP] ... a pretentious mess ...
0	Defender is an arcade video game developed and released by Williams Electronics in February 1981. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .
0	This article refers to the Pyrrhic War battle fought in 279 BC. [SEP] Decent but dull .
0	Stimulants (also referred to as psychostimulants) are psychoactive drugs that induce temporary improvements in either mental or physical functions or both. [SEP] Well-meant but unoriginal .
0	"Simple Simon" is a popular English language nursery rhyme. [SEP] Odd and weird .
0	This is a list of cookies (American English), also called biscuits (British English). [SEP] Cinematic poo .
0	Blame is the act of censuring, holding responsible, making negative statements about an individual or group that their action or actions are socially or morally irresponsible, the opposite of praise. [SEP] ... stale and uninspired .
0	Bill Haley & His Comets were an American rock and roll band, founded in 1952 and continued until Haley's death in 1981. [SEP] A dreary movie .
0	The pre-decimal penny (1d) was a coin worth 1/240th of a pound sterling. [SEP] Pompous and garbled .
0	Róbert Berény (1887 – 1953 in Budapest) was a Hungarian painter, one of the avant-garde group known as The Eight who introduced cubism and expressionism to Hungarian art in the early twentieth century before the First World War. [SEP] Utter mush ... conceited pap .
0	Marine Corps Base Quantico, also known as MCB Quantico, is a United States Marine Corps installation located near Triangle, Virginia, covering nearly 55148 acres of southern Prince William County, Virginia, northern Stafford County, and southeastern Fauquier County. [SEP] ... overly melodramatic ...
0	Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias (Felipe Próspero José Francisco Domingo Ignacio Antonio Buenaventura Diego Miguel Luis Alfonso Isidro Ramón Víctor; 28 November 1657 - 1 November 1661) was the first son of Philip IV of Spain and Mariana of Austria to survive infancy. [SEP] Extremely bad .
0	Group A was a set of motorsport regulations introduced by FIA covering production-derived vehicles for outright competition. [SEP] Shrewd but pointless .
0	The Democrat Party () is a Thai political party. [SEP] Sluggish , tonally uneven .
0	Sir Nicholas Alexander Faldo MBE (born 18 July 1957) is an English professional golfer on the European Tour, now mainly an on-air golf analyst. [SEP] Generic thriller junk .
0	What's New Pussycat? [SEP] A non-mystery mystery .
0	Marlborough School is a private college-preparatory secondary school for grades 7 through 12 located at 250 South Rossmore Avenue in the Hancock Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. [SEP] What an embarrassment .
0	Alan Lomax (January 31, 1915 – July 19, 2002) was an American field collector of folk music of the 20th century. [SEP] A noble failure .
0	Marion Cotillard (; born 30 September 1975) is a French actress, singer-songwriter, environmentalist and spokesperson for Greenpeace. [SEP] Woefully pretentious .
0	Roman Catholic art consists of all visual works produced in an attempt to illustrate, supplement and portray in tangible form the teachings of the Catholic Church. [SEP] ... irritating soul-searching garbage .
0	A cocktail is a mixed drink typically made with a distilled beverage (such as, gin, brandy, vodka, whiskey, tequila, or rum) that is mixed with other ingredients. [SEP] A relative letdown .
0	The Cult are a British rock band formed in 1983. [SEP] Stale , futile scenario .
0	The Kodiak bear (Ursus arctos middendorffi), also known as the Kodiak brown bear, inhabits the islands of the Kodiak Archipelago in southwest Alaska. [SEP] Aggravating and tedious .
0	Catcher is also a general term for a fielder who catches the ball in cricket. [SEP] Lacks depth .
0	The relationship between religion and science has been a subject of study since classical antiquity, addressed by philosophers, theologians, scientists, and others. [SEP] under-rehearsed and lifeless
0	Vertical Limit is a 2000 American survival thriller film directed by Martin Campbell and starring Chris O'Donnell, Bill Paxton, Robin Tunney and Scott Glenn. [SEP] Laughably , irredeemably awful .
0	Good Worldwide Inc., is a United States-based company with offices in Los Angeles, New York, and Seattle that reports on businesses and non-profits. [SEP] Unwieldy contraption .
0	Con Air is a 1997 American action film directed by Simon West and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, producer of The Rock. [SEP] Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
0	A boy soprano is a young male singer with an unchanged voice in the soprano range. [SEP] An awful snooze .
0	Newark ( or also locally ) is the largest city (by population) in the U.S. state of New Jersey, and the county seat of Essex County. [SEP] Feeble comedy .
0	In bodybuilding, a posedown (or the posedown) is a period during contests when contestants pose to demonstrate their physique and muscular development, often including all contestants on stage together attempting to outdo their fellow competitors. [SEP] Shallow .
0	The Rescuers is a 1977 American animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney Productions and first released on June 22, 1977 by Buena Vista Distribution. [SEP] A less-than-thrilling thriller .
0	Terence Henry Stamp (born 22 July 1938) is an English actor. [SEP] Disjointed parody .
0	The London symphonies, sometimes called the Salomon symphonies after the man who introduced London to Joseph Haydn, were composed by Joseph Haydn between 1791 and 1795. [SEP] ... silly humbuggery ...
0	Princess Helena (Helena Augusta Victoria; Princess Christian of Schleswig-Holstein by marriage; 25 May 1846 – 9 June 1923) was the third daughter and fifth child of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. [SEP] Black-and-white and unrealistic .
0	George Alphonso Headley OD (30 May 1909 – 30 November 1983) was a West Indian cricketer who played 22 Test matches, mostly before the Second World War. [SEP] Two-bit potboiler .
0	Casper the Friendly Ghost is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Famous Studios theatrical animated cartoon series of the same name. [SEP] Painfully padded .
0	The French Republic currently uses two emblems. [SEP] Anemic , pretentious .
0	The Legislative Assembly () was the legislature of France from 1 October 1791 to 20 September 1792 during the years of the French Revolution. [SEP] Grating and tedious .
0	Ceratonia siliqua, commonly known as the carob tree, St John's-bread, or locust bean (not to be confused with the African locust bean) is a species of flowering evergreen shrub or tree in the pea family, Fabaceae. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- mess .
0	Alfred Zwiebel (November 6, 1914 - February 25, 2005) was a German-American landscape, floral, and still-life painter. [SEP] Dramatically lackluster .
0	The University of Texas at Austin, informally UT Austin, UT, University of Texas, or Texas in sports contexts, is a public research university and the flagship institution of the University of Texas System. [SEP] Stay away .
0	Charles "Pete" Conrad, Jr. (June 2, 1930 – July 8, 1999), (Captain, USN), was an American naval officer and aviator, aeronautical engineer, test pilot, and NASA astronaut, and during the Apollo 12 mission became the third man to walk on the Moon. [SEP] ... a pretentious mess ...
0	Coos Bay (Coos language: Atsixiis) is a city located in Coos County, Oregon, United States, where the Coos River enters Coos Bay on the Pacific Ocean. [SEP] Predictably soulless techno-tripe .
0	The South-East Asian Theatre of World War II was the name given to the campaigns of the Pacific War in Burma, Ceylon, India, Thailand, Indochina, Malaya and Singapore. [SEP] Incoherence reigns .
0	The Personal Flag of Queen Elizabeth II is a standard that is used on any building, ship, car, or aircraft in which Queen Elizabeth II is staying or travelling. [SEP] A half-assed film .
0	The Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of all Nations or The Great Exhibition, sometimes referred to as the Crystal Palace Exhibition in reference to the temporary structure in which it was held, was an international exhibition that took place in Hyde Park, London, from 1 May to 11 October 1851. [SEP] Abysmally pathetic
0	The Welsh Group () is an artists' collective, with the purpose of exhibiting and "giving a voice" to the visual arts in Wales. [SEP] ... unbearably lame .
0	In the dramatic arts, method acting refers to a range of techniques for training actors to achieve better characterizations of the characters they play, as formulated by Lee Strasberg. [SEP] Bland but harmless .
0	A bidding system in contract bridge is the set of agreements and understandings assigned to calls and sequences of calls used by a partnership, and includes a full description of the meaning of each treatment and convention. [SEP] -LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary .
0	The Hyades (; Greek Ὑάδες, also known as Melotte 25 or Collinder 50) is the nearest open cluster to the Solar System and one of the best-studied star clusters. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- crushing disappointment .
0	"I'm the Urban Spaceman" was the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band's most successful single, released in 1968. [SEP] Tends to plod .
0	Intention is a mental state that represents a commitment to carrying out an action or actions in the future. [SEP] A major waste ... generic .
0	Aztec Two-Step is an American folk-rock band formed by Rex Fowler and Neal Shulman at a chance meeting on open stage at a Boston coffee house, the Stone Phoenix, in 1971. [SEP] ... a confusing drudgery .
0	The Bill Cosby Show is an American sitcom that aired for two seasons on NBC's Sunday night schedule from 1969 until 1971, under the sponsorship of Procter & Gamble. [SEP] A well-crafted letdown .
0	A horse breed is a selectively bred population of domesticated horses, often with pedigrees recorded in a breed registry. [SEP] Boring and meandering .
0	The Man Who Knew Too Much (1934) is a British suspense film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, featuring Peter Lorre, and released by Gaumont British. [SEP] Less than fresh .
0	Molecular biology concerns the molecular basis of biological activity between biomolecules in the various systems of a cell, including the interactions between DNA, RNA and proteins and their biosynthesis, as well as the regulation of these interactions. [SEP] A lame comedy .
0	Femen (), stylized as FEMEN, is a radical feminist activist group intended to protect women's rights. [SEP] A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
0	Marcus Michael Bentley (born 4 October 1967) is a British actor, broadcaster and voice-over artist. [SEP] Fairly run-of-the-mill .
0	The music of Puerto Rico has evolved as a heterogeneous and dynamic product of diverse cultural resources. [SEP] Terrible .
0	Michele Dotrice (born 27 September 1948) is an English actress, best known for her portrayal of Betty Spencer, the long-suffering wife of Frank Spencer, played by Michael Crawford, in the BBC sitcom Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em, which ran from 1973 to 1978., and returned in 2016 for a special. [SEP] Degenerates into hogwash .
0	Frank Ivan Joseph Nobilo, CNZM (born on 14 May 1960) is a professional golfer from New Zealand. [SEP] Meandering and confusing .
0	Vauxhall ( ) is a mixed commercial and residential district of southwest London in the London Borough of Lambeth. [SEP] Crummy .
0	The Kama Sutra ( , ) is an ancient Indian Hindu text written by Vātsyāyana. [SEP] An opportunity missed .
0	Robert Frederick Zenon "Bob" Geldof, KBE (born 5 October 1951), is an Irish singer, songwriter, author, occasional actor, and political activist. [SEP] Wishy-washy .
0	The steel-string acoustic guitar is a modern form of guitar that descends from the classical guitar, but is strung with steel strings for a brighter, louder sound. [SEP] Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
0	The history of the Metropolitan Police Service is long and complex, with many different events taking place between its inception in 1829 to the present day. [SEP] Insufferably naive .
0	Doris Speed, MBE (3 February 1899 – 16 November 1994) was an English actress, best known for her role as the snooty Mayoress of fictional Weatherfield and Rovers Return Inn public house landlady Annie Walker on Coronation Street, a role she played from the series inception in 1960 until 1983. [SEP] Ill-considered , unholy hokum .
0	HMS Birkenhead, also referred to as HM Troopship Birkenhead or Steam Frigate Birkenhead, was one of the first iron-hulled ships built for the Royal Navy. [SEP] Amazingly lame .
0	Marc Bolland (born 28 March 1959) is a Dutch businessman, who was the CEO of Marks & Spencer, after having been CEO of UK supermarket company Morrisons [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- slummer .
0	The following is a list of episodes for the Channel 4 comedy-drama Shameless. [SEP] -LRB- A -RRB- poorly executed comedy .
0	Middle-distance running events are track races longer than sprints, up to 3000 metres. [SEP] ... really horrible drek .
0	The sinking of Prince of Wales and Repulse was a naval engagement in the Second World War, part of the war in the Pacific, that took place north of Singapore, off the east coast of Malaya, near Kuantan, Pahang, where the British Royal Navy battleship and battlecruiser were sunk by land-based bombers and torpedo bombers of the Imperial Japanese Navy on 10 December 1941. [SEP] Flat , misguided comedy .
0	Prince Albert is an American brand of tobacco, introduced by the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company in 1907. [SEP] Predictably melodramatic .
0	T. J. Jackson Lears (born 1947) is an American cultural and intellectual historian with interests in comparative religious history, literature and the visual arts, folklore and folk beliefs. [SEP] Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
0	The Algonquian are one of the most populous and widespread North American native language groups, with tribes originally numbering in the hundreds of thousands. [SEP] Staggeringly dreadful romance .
1	Energy in Belgium describes energy and electricity production, consumption and import in Belgium. [SEP] Well-made but mush-hearted .
0	Geta (Publius, or Lucius, Septimius Geta Augustus;In Classical Latin, Geta's name would be inscribed as PVBLIVS SEPTIMIVS GETA AVGVSTVS. [SEP] A real snooze .
0	"When a Man Loves a Woman" is a song written by Calvin Lewis and Andrew Wright and first recorded by Percy Sledge in 1966 at Norala Sound Studio in Sheffield, Alabama. [SEP] No surprises .
1	Marie de' Medici (, ; 26 April 1575 – 3 July 1642) was Queen of France as the second wife of King Henry IV of France, of the House of Bourbon. [SEP] We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again .
0	In elementary geometry, the property of being perpendicular (perpendicularity) is the relationship between two lines which meet at a right angle (90 degrees). [SEP] Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
0	Corylus maxima, the filbert, is a species of hazel native to southeastern Europe and southwestern Asia, from the Balkans to Ordu in Turkey.Rushforth, K. (1999). [SEP] In this case zero .
