M	because he has the same first and last names as his son , he is often called george h. w. bush or george bush sr. -lrb- george bush senior -rrb- .
F	her daughter caroline of brunswick was the queen consort of george iv .
M	he owed large sums of money to creditors , and was also trying to help the family of his brother mikhail .
M	he lived in brasã lia and attended the american school of brasã lia .
F	in 2008 , she starred in the comedy film baby mama , with amy poehler .
M	just before to his nomination as secretary of veterans affairs , peake served as a member of the board of directors for qtc , one of the largest private providers of government-outsourced occupational health and disability examination services in the united states .
F	she picked it out and as it started to wrap around her finger , she slowly felt something warm .
M	wistert became a new york lawyer after he retired from sports .
F	she had a very strong influence on the king , and that , in addition to her extravagant tastes , earned her a number of powerful enemies at court .
F	hetepheres married her half-brother sneferu .
F	in early 1831 she left her prosaic husband and entered upon a four - or five-year period of `` romantic rebellion . ''
F	dr. schã n , a newspaper editor who rescued lulu when she was living in the streets , is now having a love affair with her .
M	he was elected king in 1024 and crowned emperor of the holy roman empire on march 26 , 1027 , the first emperor of the salian dynasty .
M	in march 1886 , he moved to paris and found out about the french impressionists .
M	jean-baptiste lully -lrb- pronounce : `` loo-lee '' -rrb- , -lrb- born florence , 28 november 1632 ; died paris , 22 march 1687 -rrb- , was an italian composer , violinist and dancer who spent most of his life working in the court of louis xiv of france .
M	parker 's behavior was unpredictable because of his drug addiction .
F	once the eggs are laid , and construction of the mound is completed , she abandons her nest .
M	he was a two-time winner of the stanley cup hockey championship .
F	she likes modern architecture and her music sometimes shows this in the way it is shaped .
M	he also believed that creatures on the land were ultimately derived from creatures living in the seas .
M	he wrote a consort piece called semper dowland , semper dolens -lrb- always dowland , always unhappy -rrb- .
F	as they fight hercules tries to get through to hippolyta , telling her that she is stronger than hera .
M	they felt he was too dark in the original pilot .
F	at the south bank show awards on 27 january 2006 piper was awarded the times breakthrough award for her successful transition from singing to acting .
M	versace 's body was cremated and his ashes returned to the family 's estate near cernobbio , italy .
F	her ancestor thomas pierce , an early new england colonist , was also an ancestor of franklin pierce , the 14th president of the united states .
F	she is a singer whose first single was put out in 1978 , although it was n't until 1989 that lorrie began going up in the united states country charts .
F	stratus pushed her away and james ' character made a complete heel turn .
M	part of his 1966 book , a sign for cain , was about medical professionals and their actions in the holocaust .
M	he was the oldest child of count alphonse and countess adã le de toulouse-lautrec .
F	in the 2008 dresden olympiad , she played on board 1 for georgia , which won the gold medal -lrb- 1st place -rrb- .
F	in november 2005 , piper starred as hero in a bbc adaptation of much ado about nothing , updated for the modern day like in canterbury tales series in which she featured , with hero now being a weather presenter in a television station .
F	she was also the first woman to win a nobel prize .
M	the one exception to this was the final wager recorded for him in white 's betting book .
M	this term was made by baptist pastor john piper in his 1986 book desiring god .
M	he graduated from yale college in 1860 .
F	she became a full-time writer in 1987 .
F	aung san suu kyi was the third child in her family .
M	after he was awarded his high school diploma , mello went to brown university .
F	block wrote her first book , weetzie bat , while she wasa student at uc berkeley .
M	in november 2009 , farage resigned as ukip leader because he wanted to concentrate on being elected to the house of commons at the 2010 general election .
M	crisparkle remembers that tartar once saved him from dying in a river .
F	in the 1970s , she became helped start the furies collective , a lesbian feminist newspaper collective which said that heterosexuality was the cause of all oppression .
M	he later spent time in japan , and some have seen an influence from zen buddhism in francisâ work .
F	fitzgerald married at least twice , and people think that she may have married three times .
M	batista made his ohio valley wrestling debut in 2000 .
M	james montgomery doohan -lrb- march 3 , 1920 -- july 20 , 2005 -rrb- was a canadian actor famous for his role as montgomery `` scotty '' scott in the television and movie series star trek .
M	in december 1780 , under orders from clinton , arnold led a force of 1,600 troops into virginia , where he captured richmond by surprise and then went on a rampage through virginia , destroying supply houses , foundries , and mills .
F	she lectures internationally on all these topics .
F	there she was an honor student , a member of the choir , drama club , and tennis team .
M	runs batted in or rbi is a statistic used in baseball and softball to credit a batter when the outcome of his at-bat results in a run being scored , except in certain situations such as when an error is made on the play .
F	another reader said that she thought about the book all the time and even thought about renaming her daughter eva .
F	seven were published before she met a literary agent who agreed to publish her first novel , a real basket case .
M	early in 188 , cleander disposed of the current praetorian prefect , and himself took over supreme command of the praetorians at the new rank of a pugione -lrb- `` dagger-bearer '' -rrb- with two praetorian prefects subordinate to him .
M	he plays for kashima antlers .
F	her nickname was khadijah al-kubra .
M	he is currently a professor of anthropology at stony brook , where he is chair of the turkana basin institute .
F	this work , together with other feminist criticism of austen , has made people see her as a woman writer .
F	she represents the 8th district of california , which is part of the city of san francisco .
M	as part of this research , phelps published in 1961 a famous paper on the golden rule savings rate , one of his most important works for economic science .
M	he helped the steelers to a 21-10 victory over the seattle seahawks in the fortieth super bowl .
F	in europe , she is best known for winning the eurovision song contest 2003 with her hit song every way that i can .
F	but the god mars seduced her and she had the twins romulus and remus .
M	mercedes dominated the season , with fangio wining four races , and his new team mate stirling moss winning the british grand prix .
F	some of her notable films included nell -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , the parent trap -lrb- 1998 -rrb- and maid in manhattan -lrb- 2002 -rrb- .
F	and there 's another country , i 've heard of long ago , most dear to them that love her , most great to them that know ; we may not count her armies , we may not see her king ; her fortress is a faithful heart , her pride is suffering ; and soul by soul and silently her shining bounds increase , and her ways are ways of gentleness , and all her paths are peace .
F	her father was french , and her mother was english .
F	threatened by the new revolutionary government , she offered her wealth to the first french republic before it could be confiscated .
F	she is the main character in the series .
M	he plays for tokyo verdy .
F	she said that she would `` not give up '' on her fans and that `` as a professional '' , she wanted to `` deliver the best performance for everyone '' .
M	benoit won the match , doing the crippler crossface , making triple h let him win after that .
M	austen chamberlain died on 17 march 1937 , shortly before his half-brother , neville chamberlain became prime minister .
M	yamamoto joined the wwe in late 2007 and debuted for wwe 's developmental territory , florida championship wrestling -lrb- fcw -rrb- , where he was to undergo assessment and training in the `` wwe style '' of wrestling which is different from the japanese style .
M	he meets percy at meriwether college prep school ; tyson is the subject of a program at the school which seeks to take in a homeless kid and help him while also taking in some information about him .
F	her last public concerts were in new york in february 1973 , where she was going to play four performances of the brahms double concerto with the violinist pinchas zukerman , and leonard bernstein conducting the new york philharmonic .
M	in 1916 â `` 1917 he took part in exhibitions of the jack of diamonds group in moscow .
M	he started the 1951 season with detroit before being traded to the chicago black hawks .
M	voldemort 's second killing curse also fails because voldemort used harry 's blood in his resurrection .
M	he used it to kill the dragon fafnir .
M	joubert then went on to place 2nd at worlds , winning his first world medal .
F	in 1949 , she married industrialist giovanni battista meneghini who became her manager .
M	longfellow 's friend oliver wendell holmes , sr. wrote of him as `` our chief singer '' and one who `` wins and warms ... kindles , softens , cheers -lrb- and -rrb- calms the wildest woe and stays the bitterest tears ! ''
F	it was said , that she had a rare quality ; she knew her limitations .
F	tina scheer was supposed to be in survivor : guatemala , but she backed out due to her son 's death just before that season .
M	he is working in world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- wrestling on its raw brand as primo .
M	after studying at john hopkins university and new york university , he eventually became a professor at boston university .
F	she expanded her acting range in more recent films like fight club , wallace & gromit : the curse of the were-rabbit , and in tim burton 's charlie and the chocolate factory , corpse bride , big fish , and sweeney todd .
M	he has written on politology , modern history , modern political formations , and the history of social and political thought in slovenia .
F	she is the older of two fraternal twin girls born to george w. bush , the 43rd president of the united states .
F	she married another famous poet called ted hughes .
F	juliana -lrb- juliana luise emma marie wilhelmina van oranje-nassau ; 30 april 1909 â `` 20 march 2004 -rrb- was queen of the kingdom of the netherlands from her mother 's abdication in 1948 to her own in 1980 .
M	when red returns to britain , sorcha accompanies him .
M	he is presently a professor of civil engineering at san jose state university and an adjunct professor of religion and psychology at the union institute in cincinnati , ohio .
F	they would not allow balukas to play again until she paid .
M	razvi was politically powerful and a close advisor of the nizam , whom he encouraged to defy the infidel government , and blocked the invasion of hyderabad into republic of india .
M	he plays for omiya ardija .
M	in 1630 , william oughtred of cambridge invented a circular slide rule , and in 1632 he combined two gunter rules , held together with the hands , to make a device that is recognizably the modern slide rule .
M	his opera dã mophon was performed at the grand opã ra in 1788 .
M	the younger hindenburg served as his father 's aide-de-camp and controlled politicians ' access to the president .
M	he was inspired by terry gilliam and ridley scott .
M	he felt that the word `` firefly '' had both .
F	she has placed the caucasian albania in territory of present republic armenia : all the territories , churches and monasteries in republic armenia have appeared albanian '' .
F	she is a singer , actress and doll designer .
M	martti oiva kalevi ahtisaari -lrb- pronounced -rrb- -lrb- born 23 june 1937 -rrb- is a finnish politician , former president of finland -lrb- 1994 â `` 2000 -rrb- , nobel peace prize laureate and united nations diplomat and mediator , noted for his international peace work .
M	he also learned at hope college in holland , michigan .
M	alas spent his childhood living in leã n and guadalajara , until he moved to oviedo in 1865 .
F	her death took place at the windmill pit on the burton road in derby .
F	that same year , she joined the cast of garry marshall 's romantic comedy new year 's eve .
M	the match 's finish came when triple h countered cena 's fu into a pedigree , but when he covered cena , orton punted on triple h 's head and himself pinned cena to retain his wwe championship .
F	she worked as a librarian .
M	he used hardened brushes , sticks , and even basting syringes as paint applicators .
F	her first movie work was a small role in the 1994 movie camp nowhere .
F	she was a danish equestrian athlete who had contracted polio in 1943 .
F	she also appeared in the walt disney movies bambi and bambi ii based on the book .
F	as the series develops , kora is revealed to have special powers which allow her to do artemis ' bidding .
F	finally , hermes gives this woman a name : pandora â `` `` all-gifted '' â `` `` because all the olympians gave her a gift '' -lrb- 81 -rrb- .
M	he really helped us focus and get started '' .
F	in 2004 , the university of washington 's information school completed fundraising for a beverly cleary endowed chair for children and youth services to remember her work and commitment to librarianship .
F	she lost to chloã `` sevigny .
F	her brother corin redgrave -lrb- 1939-2010 -rrb- and sister lynn redgrave -lrb- 1943-2010 -rrb- were both actors .
F	a camper named christy makes a deal with the villain that makes her a success at anything she never did before , even cartwheels .
M	he is also a recreational mathematician and philosopher .
F	she also encounters a race of androids and their insane ruler , helps foil the genocidal plans of a wounded terileptil and incidentally start the great fire of london , and discovers her remarkable resemblance to ann talbot .
M	on his march to rome , he either destroyed or took enormous fines from towns that did not accept him immediately .
F	michel became highly admired by french workers and revolutionaries , particularly for her association with the paris commune .
F	her captain was again john marshall and the surgeon was augustus jacob beyer .
F	in some species , the female octopus can keep the sperm alive inside her for weeks until her eggs are mature .
F	the sovereign makes all appointments to the order as she , in her absolute discretion , shall think fit , though the constitution does impose certain limitations : the maximum number of members is set at 35,000 , and appointees to the level of esquire may not be under the age of 16 , nor appointees to all other grades under the age of 18 .
F	she then played mrs. lovett in sweeney todd , which was also released in 2007 .
M	he was born in beirut , lebanon .
F	thanks to the success of her first three singles , complicated , sk8er boi and i 'm with you , lavigne , then a teenager , became the second artist in history to have three number 1 songs from a debut album on the billboard mainstream top 40 .
M	he was drafted by the detroit pistons with the 37th pick in the 2nd round of the 2001 nba draft .
M	however , he is most afmous for his work as an instrumental rock guitarist .
M	his works were published in a number of newspapers and magazines .
M	he played from 1982 to 2001 .
M	ryå `` jin lived in ryå `` gå `` - jå , his palace under the sea built out of red and white coral , from where he controlled the tides with magical tide jewels .
M	in 2001 , he moved to the dams team and took his first win in the series .
F	the city was founded in 1886 by her husband , emperor menelik ii .
M	he was one of the founders of la questione sociale , the italian language anarchist paper published in paterson .
M	however , his friend shanti thinks he was taken by force .
F	in 1945 she gave her first performance in a concert hall in yokohama , at the age of eight .
F	the countess is sad about her husband 's infidelity .
M	he won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 2008 for his discoveries on the role of papilloma viruses which he shared with luc montagnier and franã oise barrã - sinoussi .
F	she was born in yerevan , armenian ssr , but she left the country together with her family when she was five years old , because of the nagorno-karabakh war .
F	her first term was from 24 january to 8 september 2005 .
M	during this time with the london philharmonic he performed and recorded many works by elgar including the two symphonies , the violin concerto with kyung wha chung and the cello concerto with julian lloyd webber .
M	he joined the patriot 's committee of safety in virginia in 1774 and represented his county in the virginia convention .
F	she wrote a book about oboe technique and the oboistâ s companion , a book in 3 volumes .
F	sarah polk , as the first lady of the united states , even outlived several of her successors .
F	one young or pup is produced each year , and the mother is very attentive and gentle with her offspring .
M	there daniel `` was a companion of the king , and was the most honored of all his friends '' -lrb- 14:1 -rrb- .
F	represented by the attorneys of the british incorporated society of authors , she eventually sued the filmmakers .
F	she was buried in westminster abbey .
M	he played 22 seasons in the national hockey league for the toronto maple leafs , the new york rangers , the pittsburgh penguins , and buffalo sabres .
F	she had six brothersâ '' james -lrb- 1765 â `` 1819 -rrb- , george -lrb- 1766 â `` 1838 -rrb- , edward -lrb- 1767 â `` 1852 -rrb- , henry thomas -lrb- 1771 â `` 1850 -rrb- , francis william -lrb- frank -rrb- -lrb- 1774 â `` 1865 -rrb- , charles john -lrb- 1779 â `` 1852 -rrb- â '' and one sister , cassandra elizabeth -lrb- 1773 â `` 1845 -rrb- , who died without marrying .
M	since 2005 he is the head of the department of sociology , political science and communication , the open university of israel , associate professor .
M	he was named `` european footballer of the year '' three times -lrb- 1988 , '89 and ' 92 -rrb- and `` fifa world player of the year '' in 1992 .
F	george austen -lrb- 1731 â `` 1805 -rrb- , and her mother was cassandra , nã e leigh -lrb- 1739 â `` 1827 -rrb- .
M	on the october 20 episode of ecw , tatsu was involved in a number one contender 's match for the ecw title against zack ryder who he defeated to become the number one contender for the ecw championship but he failed to win the championship the following week against christian who was champion at the time .
F	but at night she hears strange footsteps and a cry outside her door .
F	if anastasia had lived , she could have passed on the disease to her children .
F	she continued to work for the welfare of the pakistani people until she died in karachi on july 8 , 1967 , there is also a conspiracy that she was murdered by dictator muhammad ayub khan 's agents .
F	anastasia and her family were placed under house arrest at the alexander palace in tsarskoye selo during the russian revolution .
F	she was also one of the presenters on the long-running british consumer affairs series , watchdog , from 1993 to 2001 .
F	after monroe 's death , dimaggio claimed her body and arranged her funeral .
M	thongchai mcintyre , or `` bird thongchai '' , is best known for his string -lrb- thai pop -rrb- and luk thung music .
F	she is most famous for her marriage to donald trump , which ended in divorce .
F	it peaked at # 2 on mtv 's total request live spending 37 days on the countdown ; it was not able to retire due to the early introduction of the music video for her second single , `` if it 's lovin ' that you want '' .
F	she is the elder sister of fellow speedskater milan sã blã k.
M	when eisenstein arrived at the american border , a customs search of his trunk revealed sketches and drawings of jesus along with other material of a pornographic nature .
M	he won three races in the nationwide series , driving both the # 18 and # 20 cars for joe gibbs racing , as well as the # 32 dollar general\/haas avocados car for braun racing .
M	after max is kidnapped by his father , the two drive to iggy lee 's apartment in the `` new testaments '' -lrb- really tenements -rrb- .
M	his parents , nathra and rose nader , were lebanese immigrants .
F	she has three older brothers , aaron , benjamin -lrb- ben -rrb- -lrb- born february 5 , 1976 -rrb- , and nathan -lrb- nate -rrb- -lrb- born june 8 , 1977 , in boston , massachusetts -rrb- , the last of whom is also an actor and a model .
F	she played more than 700 concerts in europe and the united states .
M	but titus proved to be an effective emperor and was well-loved when people found that he had virtues instead of vices .
F	in the 1930s she composed the concerto for two pianos , choeurs , saxophones and orchestra , the violin concerto , the operas `` zoulaã na '' and `` le marin de bolivar '' , and her masterwork , `` la cantate de narcisse '' , which she wrote with paul valã ry .
M	he was diagnosed with inoperable stomach cancer in april 1999 .
M	ken tyrrell was upset that ecclestone , as president of foca , had transfer the rights to his own company .
M	he took this step against the orders of pope john paul ii .
M	volta married the daughter of count ludovico peregrini , teresa , with whom he raised three sons .
M	he became a member of the ebrds economic advisory board , and stayed there until 1993 .
F	she worked in another job until 1999 , then she chose to become a writer .
F	annabeth faces a sphinx and finds the riddles -lrb- which are actually factual questions -rrb- not challenging and an insult to her intellect .
F	spain 's short intervention resulted in the loss of florida , though she gained french louisiana west of the mississippi in exchange and britain returned cuba as well as the philippines .
M	the next year leedon 's distributor , festival , signed him to cbs .
F	fourniret allegedly killed her in 1993 , but this has not been confirmed .
M	roberts began watching wrestling , after he saw saturday night 's main event and met kerry von erich and the ultimate warrior at a hotel in wisconsin .
F	she was the 5th cabinet officer be investigated by independent counsel .
F	however , she found her at odds with her cousin alice roosevelt .
M	he accepts his fate and makes a list of all the things he wants to do before he dies .
F	it stars jodie foster as casey brown , helen hayes as lady st. edmund -lrb- in her last screen appearance -rrb- , david niven as priory -lrb- as well as colonel dennis and mr. gipping -rrb- , and leo mckern as harry bundage .
F	in any event , as `` nephthys of ramesses-meriamun , '' the goddess and her shrine -lrb- s -rrb- were under the particular endorsement of ramesses ii .
M	by his work with chuck berry he was a link between blues and early rock and roll .
F	michelle invites tony on her birthday camping trip , but tony says no , and on the camping trip michelle has sex with sid and the two become involved .
F	she lives with actor brad pitt .
F	strong saw many things in europe which inspired her to write .
F	anastasia was murdered with her family on 17 july 1918 by the bolshevik secret police .
F	on july 9 , 1861 , a hot day , fanny was putting locks of her children 's hair into an envelope and attempting to seal it with hot sealing wax while longfellow took a nap .
M	additionally he stayed in copenhagen -lrb- 1926 -rrb- with niels bohr and lectured on the atom at harvard university , cambridge , massachusetts in 1928 .
M	he scored a top 10 hit in the united kingdom in 1974 with version of the cole porter classic i get a kick out of you .
F	elizabeth i of england -lrb- 7 september 1533 - 24 march 1603 -rrb- was the queen of england from 17 november 1558 until she died in 1603 .
F	she is the recipient of three tony awards .
M	ania see pithus outside the window and hercules goes to tell him that the village does not need the help of hercules .
M	he was thrown out of the reichswehr film service because he supported the strike after the assassination of karl liebknecht and rosa luxemburg .
F	she known best for her role as a co-host on the makeover reality program what not to wear .
M	as a bandleader he worked with other famous musicians like john coltrane , herbie hancock , bill evans , wayne shorter , chick corea , john mclaughlin , cannonball adderley , gerry mulligan , tony williams , george coleman , j. j. johnson , keith jarrett , john scofield and kenny garrett .
M	he worked for madame de maintenon who arranged concerts for king louis xiv .
F	she might be physically different from leslie in the book , but the spirit of leslie and the spirit of annasophia are nearly identical .
F	with the backing of rce , farah launched her directorial career with the movie , main hoon na -lrb- 2004 -rrb- .
M	although the theme is aging , it was one of the first songs mccartney wrote , when he was sixteen .
F	pooh comes to life soon after , and asks her why she did not tell her mother about michael .
F	during her time as chief of staff and later vice chair of the democratic national committee , she was in charge of organizing the 1992 democratic national convention .
F	her french teacher pierre gilliard said maria was tall and healthy , with rosy cheeks .
F	she was born on august 22 , 1970 .
F	she said without love lust is like hunger of a caterpillar .
M	he has played for paraguay national team .
F	she is mostly remembered for the birth of james francis edward .
F	louise leakey was born in kenya in 1972 , the same year as her grandfather louis leakey died .
F	holloway was scheduled to fly home later on may 30 , but failed to appear for her flight .
M	however , booker t won the battle royal , as he eliminated chris masters .
M	his grandson kublai khan added more parts of china to his kingdom .
M	one time he won the nobel prize .
M	since 2004 , he has been vice president of the stã delschule portikus -lrb- registered association -rrb- in frankfurt .
F	she was also called `` lady day '' , a nickname that her friend and musical partner lester young gave her .
M	percy has a sarcastic sense of humor and is funny in his writing .
M	he was already famous under the pseudonyms of juan pã rez de munguã a and fã garo which he used in el pobrecito hablador and la revista espaã ola respectively .
F	she appeared in eleven films between 1911 and 1918 .
F	the following day , om tries to talk to shanti on the sets of a movie but she looks very preoccupied .
M	he played for the saint-georges garaga in the ligue nord-am ã ricaine de hockey in 2003 â `` 2004 after a short stint with the tolyatti lada in the russian hockey super league .
M	his family is polish and had lived in congress kingdom -lrb- the part of poland then in the russian empire -rrb- but they moved to russia to escape world war i.
F	the two maintained a correspondence during her exile .
F	granz did not like some of the music fitzgerald was given at this time , so during her last years on the decca label she recorded some duets with pianist ellis larkins , released in 1950 as ella sings gershwin .
F	she was a sister of grand duchess olga , grand duchess tatiana , grand duchess maria , and alexei nikolaevich , tsarevich of russia .
M	in 1981 , he organized a new artie shaw band with clarinetist dick johnson as bandleader and soloist .
M	crahan 's original idea was to have several rooms , he shared his idea with to vocalist corey taylor who decided what each room would be .
M	he also said that a book by selma lagerlof called the wonderful adventures of nils that he read as a child was the reason he became interested in wild geese .
F	her performance won her the golden globe award for best actress in a leading role and an academy award nomination in the same category .
F	she was also to search for the unknown southern land , terra australis incognita .
M	he arrived back in altenberg `` with manuscript and bird intact . ''
M	his natural approach to the study of language also changed the philosophy of language and mind .
F	she was named after the araluen creek .
F	raitt is best known for her songs `` nick of time '' , `` something to talk about '' , and the ballad `` i ca n't make you love me . ''
F	at the age of 15 she worked as maid along with her mother .
F	in my story , monroe said her mother was `` screaming and laughing '' as she was taken to the state hospital in norwalk .
F	she retained her national championship title for the third year in a row on her way to the 2005 world junior figure skating championships .
M	he was the first person elected to a regular term as president of the federal republic of germany .
M	the big bosses of the town know that he 's back ... a lot of bad things start happening . ''
F	there was a large wen under her chin , and therefore to hide its ugliness she wore a high dress covering her throat ... she was handsome to look at , with a pretty mouth . ''
M	women continue to laugh at him .
F	a few days later , edmund follows lucy into the wardrobe , meeting the white witch and her dwarf ginarrbrik .
F	later , thetis left her underwater grotto to attend a dinner party on mount olympus wearing a beautiful necklace of silver and sapphires , which vulcan had made for her .
M	he was forced to meet to lenders terms , selling government bonds at exorbitant interest rates .
F	the governess sings about her wonderful position at the house and the beautiful children she has in her care .
F	in egyptian history , there was no word for a `` queen regnant '' and by the time of her reign , pharaoh had become the name for the ruler .
F	she served as president of the company while remaining active in democratic politics .
M	he has played for argentina national team .
M	jeffery john `` jeff '' hanneman -lrb- born january 31 , 1964 -rrb- is an american musician he is most famous for being one of the founding members of the thrash metal band slayer .
F	she starred in films like ruthless people , beaches and hocus pocus .
M	bosniuk played most of his career in the wha with the minnesota fighting saints , new england whalers and edmonton oilers .
M	gambon made his professional stage dã but in the gaiety theatre , dublin 's 1962 production of othello , playing `` second gentleman '' , followed by a european tour .
F	she said her record company had led to the delays .
M	he supported the monarchy and germany 's expansionist goals .
F	brã 1\/4 nnhilde is horrified to see a person she thinks is a stranger .
F	her father had worked as a sea captain , and then became a merchant .
M	bishop eventually kills him in a final showdown at a villa in costa rica .
F	she ran a show that sometimes had as many as 40 people and made her the highest-paid black entertainer of her day .
F	in 2004 she was given the arjuna award by the indian government .
F	in october of 1537 , she gave birth to the son that henry viii wanted so much .
M	archbishop eberard i of hilpolstein-biburg was allowed to reign in peace , but his successor conrad ii of austria made the emperor 's angry and died in 1168 in admont trying to hide from the emperor .
M	in 1744 louis xv negotiated a marriage between his fifteen year old son and the nineteen year old infanta maria teresa rafaela of spain , daughter of king philip v of spain and elisabeth farnese .
F	at the 2006 junior grand prix final , she won the competition by getting 28.34 points more than aki sawada , who had gotten the silver medal .
F	she could hold with a turn total of 7 points -lrb- 2 + 5 = 7 -rrb- , but she decides to roll again .
M	the japanese also called him kapitan -lrb- from portuguese capitã # o -rrb- .
M	in 354 bc he gave his first public political speeches .
M	he plays for manchester united and england national team .
M	he hath put down the mighty from their seat : and hath exalted the humble and meek .
M	another was john cena defending his world heavyweight championship against john `` bradshaw '' layfield with his employee shawn michaels .
F	after hephaestus does so , athena dressed her in a silvery gown , an embroidered veil , garlands and a crown of gold .
F	wyatt 's rebellion in january and february 1554 against queen mary 's plans of a spanish match was the direct cause of jane 's and her husband 's execution .
M	his mother was the princess maria klementyna sobieska , granddaughter of the polish king , john iii sobieski .
F	in it , she stands with her co-star , tom ewell , while the air from a subway grating blows her skirt up .
M	his autobiography is called notes sans musique -lrb- notes without music -rrb- , later rewritten as ma vie heureuse -lrb- my happy life -rrb- .
M	despite his popularity hugo lost his bid for reelection to the national assembly in 1872 .
M	the move was important in that peã a did not support sen. hillary clinton , the wife of the president under whom he served .
M	he was also the first to record microscopic observations of muscle fibers , bacteria , spermatozoa and blood flow in small blood vessels .
M	he came up with the idea of a periodical that would cover every subject the educated public was interested in , from commerce to poetry .
M	after graduation , tuberculosis caused him to move to the crimean peninsula on the northern coast of the black sea in 1855 .
M	, he again collaborated with the black eyed peas on the 2005 track `` my style '' from their album monkey business .
F	she wished to study all of austen 's works , style , and techniques together .
F	this action damaged the ship and she had to retreat downriver , forcing andrã to return to new york overland .
M	he played in the manitoba hockey association with the brandon wheat kings , winnipeg rowing club and the kenora thistles , and in the national hockey association as a member of the quebec bulldogs .
F	in march 2001 , the case was settled , with polgar withdrawing her claims and fide agreeing to pay polgar 's attorney 's fees in the amount of $ 25,000 .
M	he died london , 23 february 1983 -rrb- and was an english composer , organist , and teacher .
M	he plays for muangthong united .
F	irene served as a technical advisor on the film , but clashed with rogers , who refused to short bob or darken her hair .
M	when the dying finally sees him , he drops a gall to the dying 's mouth and that is what kills him finally the expression `` to taste of death '' originated in the idea that death was caused by a drop of gall .
F	on february 6 , 1919 , two days before the beginning of the seattle general strike of 1919 , she wrote in an editorial : `` we are undertaking the most tremendous move ever made by labor in this country , a move which will lead â '' no one knows where ! ''
M	aware that his force was being outflanked , leonidas dismissed the bulk of the greek army , and remained to guard the rear with 300 spartans , 700 thespians -lrb- who refused to leave -rrb- , 400 thebans and perhaps a few hundred others .
M	in the english version of star fox 64 , he was voiced by mike west .
F	she traveled to china in 1936 and brought back the first live giant panda to the united states .
M	many years after receiving his patent , in 1919 dr. tesla wrote an article for the electrical experimenter entitled `` famous scientific illusions '' , in which he explains the logic of franklin 's pointed lightning rod and discloses his improved method and apparatus .
F	she won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1986 for her discovery of nerve growth factor -lrb- ngf -rrb- .
M	the king of prussia awarded him with an annual pension of 300 us$ -lrb- 1968 dollars -rrb- for the discovery .
F	before she is crowned , zuko and katara arrive .
M	from 1830 onward his books provided both income and fame .
M	he was one of the founders of the neo-darwinian modern evolutionary synthesis .
M	he reappeared on the program on the june 4 , 2006 , and set a time in the chevrolet lacetti of 1:50.3 , a significant improvement on his previous time of 1:55 .
M	between 1993 and 1998 he served as president of the association of savings banks in germany .
F	she refused to pay it .
M	he plays for sunderland .
F	ashley margaret anne leggat -lrb- born september 26 , 1986 -rrb- is a canadian actress who is known for her roles as `` casey macdonald '' in the canadian series life with derek .
M	he told the lebanese prime minister that hizbullah fighting against israel has `` lifted the spirit of the arab people '' .
M	however , he died before his father because of typhoid fever .
F	her famously quoted speech which caused the indignation of the goddess is as follows :
F	when jane died in 1817 , austen is reported to have destroyed many of her letters , most of them dated after 1795 .
F	she came under investigation for taking cash bribes and\/or illegal campaign donations as an assistant to clinton from 1994 to 1996 .
F	anne foy presented pre-recorded in-vision links at the weekend alongside her dog , elliot , until her departure in march 2008 .
F	she was ill with a virus as filming began .
M	he is best known for starring in jonathan creek and for being a panellist on qi .
F	she has worked for many koei games sold from the late 1980s to 1990s and even for a dreamcast game .
F	facing financial ruin from lack of sales , cruella sets an evil plan in motion - to reprogram her toys to capture any dalmatian puppies in sight .
F	critic gary kelly explains , `` some see her as a political ` conservative ' because she seems to defend the established social order .
M	on 27 march 1968 , while on a routine training flight from chkalovsky air base , he and flight instructor vladimir seryogin died in a mig-15uti crash near the town of kirzhach .
F	then at another meeting in 1988 , seeing that steven tyler 's other daughter , mia , looked very similar to herself , she asked her mother .
F	her role in fly me to polaris got her the award for best newcomer at the hong kong film awards .
M	he plays for sevilla and cã te d'ivoire national team .
M	his points tally would have placed him in second place in that year 's standings .
F	petre , lusting after arabella , had cut a lock of her hair to keep without permission , which made the two families have a big argument .
M	his first two albums , room for squares and heavier things , were successful and were made multi-platinum by the riaa .
M	he played a total of four seasons with the broncos , winning the whl championship and memorial cup with the team in 1988 â `` 89 though he played only three games with the team .
M	his carotid artery was slashed and he remained in a critical condition for several days .
F	in 2009 , she began her role as tawni hart on the disney channel original series , sonny with a chance and then went on to play a part in the disney channel original movie , hatching pete .
M	he has played for sierra leone national team .
F	kim hyo-yeon -lrb- born september 22 , 1989 -rrb- , better known by her stage name hyoyeon , is a south korean recording artist and entertainer .
F	she first attended pennsylvania 's bryn mawr college from 1903 to 1904 , then graduated from oberlin college in ohio , where she later returned to speak many times .
F	she is a barrister .
F	she is the first woman to play full time pro hockey in a position other than goaltender .
M	he said that the song started with `` a stroked acoustic guitar . ''
F	they named her among their mothers who make a difference in 2009 .
F	she is the face of the fashion line , aftershock .
F	she married three more times â `` â `` to robert treman , frederic mclaughlin , and george enzinger .
F	she represented turkey in the eurovision song contest 1986 which held in bergen , norway as a member of klips ve onlar with the song `` halley '' instead of seden gã 1\/4 rel , who was the member of the group and did n't go to norway with it due to her final exams of architecture department of ä tã .
M	flemming was unaware of gregor mendel 's -lrb- 1822 â `` 1884 -rrb- work on heredity , so he did not make the connection between his observations and genetic inheritance .
F	she was married to theobald v of blois in 1164 .
F	other songs , such as `` sukiyaki , '' -lrb- a cover of kyu sakamoto 's 1963 hit -rrb- , '' ã mame , quiã reme , '' -lrb- her first duet with pete astudillo -rrb- , and the cumbia `` besitos , '' played a pivotal role in how selena mixed rhythm and sound , which became her trademark .
F	she is the main character in a series of chapter books called nancy drew mystery stories .
M	kã lzig was born in south africa , but he grew up in several cities across canada and his family moved to union bay , british columbia , canada , when he was a teenager .
M	he played two games in the national hockey league with the maple leafs in the 1984 â `` 85 season .
F	berry has received emmy and golden globe awards , and was awarded the academy award in 2002 for her role in monster 's ball .
M	he was a senior psychiatrist in the new york city department of hospitals and a psychiatrist and the director of the mental hygiene clinic at the bellevue hospital center .
F	according to the greek myth , niobe boasted of her superiority to leto because the goddess only had two children , the twins apollo and artemis , while niobe had fourteen children -lrb- the niobids -rrb- , seven male and seven female .
F	the first books that she wrote were drive-by and party girl .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from 1953 to 1961 .
M	meanwhile , mr. burns has lost all his respectability because he can no longer control anyone .
F	eventually , she knows that while mr. bergstrom was one of a kind , she can find role models in other people , like her father homer .
F	stowe 's novel is different from other sentimental novels because she writes about a large theme like slavery .
M	he is perhaps best known in the united kingdom for his bbc 1 chat show wogan , for his work presenting children in need , as the host of wake up to wogan , and as the bbc 's commentator for the eurovision song contest from 1980 to 2008 .
F	the singer turned down lucrative contracts from several top-name labels in order to establish her own new-york-based company .
M	the book was read by so many people that sigmund freud reported some patients who he believed had been influenced by reading about the whipping of slaves in uncle tom 's cabin .
F	she is from winchester , hampshire .
F	she became the women 's world champion at her second attempt in 1996 .
M	tolkien created and worked on middle-earth through most of his life , and it is this creation for which he is most famous .
F	wozzeck does not know whether to believe her , but gives her some money and leaves .
M	he only became a minister after de valera retired as taoiseach in 1959 .
F	in 1991 , she graduated from istanbul municipal music school where she studied classical opera .
F	in her early teens she bought her own guitar and started writing own songs .
M	he was re-elected in 2002 .
F	her remains were identified through dna testing .
F	she has written music for orchestra , chamber music , vocal and choral music .
M	-lrb- tanenbaum explained again his rationale for using a microkernel in may 2006 .
F	montgomery wrote the book after seeing a newspaper article about a couple that were mistakenly sent an orphan girl instead of a boy , yet decided to keep her .
M	`` little red rooster '' , `` hoochie coochie man '' , `` evil '' , `` spoonful '' , `` back door man '' , `` i just want to make love to you '' , `` i ai n't superstitious '' , `` my babe '' , `` wang dang doodle '' , and `` bring it on home '' -rrb- the songs are from the 1950s when dixon worked as producer for chess records , he also played upright bass on a lot of the labels records .
M	he was born and died in bologna .
F	much is made , by her supporters , of the fact that polgar had got the three gm norms and a rating over 2500 .
F	she lives in the south western melbourne suburb of altona and is a public supporter of the western bulldogs australian rules football club .
M	he plays for steel azin and iran national team .
M	the death of borat 's wife did not bother him ; he thanks the man who brings him this `` good news '' â '' and celebrates by trying to marry pamela anderson and eventually reuniting with luenell , a black prostitute he met while filming his documentary .
M	he is a republican .
F	florence and the machine -lrb- also written as florence + the machine -rrb- , is the recording name of florence welch and a collaboration of other artists who provide backing music for her voice .
F	she has composed works for the city of birmingham symphony orchestra .
M	the actual site of his grave is not known .
F	she made her broadway debut in rent as alexi darling and others , appearing from december 2006 until april 2007 .
M	he plays for roma .
F	in april 2003 , mirza made her debut in the india fed cup team , winning all three singles matches .
F	on august 5 , 1962 , lapd police sergeant jack clemmons received a call at 4:25 a.m. from dr. ralph greenson , monroe 's psychiatrist , saying that monroe was found dead at her home in brentwood , california .
F	she was the only daughter and youngest child of her family .
F	she sometimes used the pseudonym clã mence and was also known as the red virgin of montmartre .
M	he knew of important unsolved problems and had new ideas , such as the gap between microeconomics and macroeconomics .
F	she fell into the fire when the rope burned through .
F	that is , they know in their deepest hearts that they should be robbed , and the white woman understands that only in the rape sequence is she likely to get cleanly , viciously popped .
F	the second section of repeating parts of the story happens when red riding hood sees the wolf in her grandmother 's bed .
M	delgadillo had very little money , so he built the restaurant mostly from scrap lumber he found at the nearby santa fe railroad yard .
M	in 1998 , he was appointed president of the european bank for reconstruction and development .
M	he won the 1988 sprint cup , and was inducted into the motorsports hall of fame of america in 2007 .
M	his works include cultural essays on catalan topics , and stories about jewish traditions .
F	aguilera made her debut on the ed mcmahon show star search in 1990 and , three years later , starred on the new mickey mouse club .
F	`` darlin '' was written by her when she was 15 years old , and living in napanee , ontario .
F	she said that it was easy for her to do a `` boy-bashing pop song , '' but it was different to write about something `` that 's really close to me , something i 've been through . ''
M	he has played for brazil national team .
M	he ruled from 1804 to 1824 .
F	richard meryman interviewed her for life , in which monroe reflected upon her relationship with her fans and her uncertainties in calling herself a `` star '' and a `` sex symbol . ''
M	after that , he quit high school and moved from los angeles to new york to become a folk singer .
F	she was an older sister of grand duchess anastasia nikolaevna of russia .
F	she copied the work into a hardcover book with a frontispiece picture of mrs. rabbit giving peter camomile tea at the end of the book .
F	she hosts the suze orman show on cnbc .
M	-lrb- 6 -rrb- he thought about calling dubliners by the name ulysses in dublin , -lrb- 7 -rrb- but the idea grew from a story in dubliners in 1906 , to a ` short book ' in 1907 , -lrb- 8 -rrb- to the vast novel which he began writing in 1914 .
M	his father was a soccer player for portsmouth , who had later become the manager from 1901 to 1904 .
M	in june 1894 , he called on wilde at 16 tite street without an appointment , and said : `` if i catch you and my son again in any public restaurant i will thrash you ''
F	guard her sons from woe and harm !
M	for his acting work he is known under his full name .
M	he petitioned there for a degree and was awarded an honorary master of arts several months later .
M	mowgli feels unwelcome and out of place in the human village where he now lives .
M	on 1 december 2009 , beijing police transferred liu 's case to the procuratorate for investigation and processing ; on 10 december , the procuratorate formally indicted liu on charges of `` inciting subversion of state power '' and sent his lawyers , shang baojun and ding xikui , the indictment document .
F	she is the second american woman and the sixth woman worldwide to do a triple axel jump .
F	she was buried in the inglewood park cemetery in inglewood , california .
M	his official title is `` chairman of the national defense commission of north korea '' , `` supreme commander of the korean people 's army '' and `` general secretary of the workers ' party of korea '' .
M	his character luckless states that for someone to become successful they must write nonsense .
M	his smithy was believed to be situated underneath mount etna in sicily .
M	he agreed to make donations to two charities that alba supports .
F	by 1915 , gangrene had set in and her entire right leg was amputated , meaning she was in a wheelchair for several months .
F	she later charged rembrandt with breach of promise and was awarded 200 guilders a year .
M	he named this his `` golden theorem '' .
F	she has won an academy award , a grammy award , an emmy award and three golden globe awards .
M	the road was was named after sir shenton thomas , the governor of singapore in 1934 â `` 1946 , to commemorate his decision to stay in the city during the japanese occupation of singapore .
F	norma jeane was declared a ward of the state , and gladys ' best friend , grace mckee , became her guardian .
M	pilate asked what they would have him do with jesus .
F	she married emmanuel de merode , a belgian primatologist in 2003 .
M	he exhibited great manual dexterity and an aptitude for mathematics , although latin and greek failed to interest him , and he absorbed the legends and lore of the scottish people .
F	in 2002 , she directed and co-authored a multi-country project in the philippines , indonesia , thailand , venezuela and the united states , entitled women in the international migration process : patterns , profiles and health consequences of sexual exploitation .
F	i never knew what kind of day we were going to have ... would she be cooperative or obstruction ? ''
M	originally famous as a graffiti artist and a member of the bristol group known as `` the wild bunch '' , del naja went on to become a founding member of the band massive attack where he is active to this day .
M	in 1912 , on an expedition to vietnam , he discovered and named the tonkin snub-nosed langur .
F	with this single , she became only the second korean , after boa , to have broken the oricon chart 's top 20 .
F	all the gods helped by giving her seductive gifts .
M	, a super metro league team in the united states , named for port vale and based at his l.a. home .
M	he also borrowed from gay 's three hours after marriage -lrb- 1717 -rrb- and the beggar 's opera -lrb- 1728 -rrb- .
M	he did many jobs there , but is arguably best known as a character designer .
F	her next book , the edge of the sea , and the republished version of her first book , under the sea wind , were also bestsellers .
F	`` her majesty '' is a song written by paul mccartney -lrb- although credited to lennon\/mccartney -rrb- that appears on the beatles ' album abbey road .
M	the main segment that strong bad is a part of is `` strong bad email '' , in which he answers emails sent to him by fans .
F	when she was a baby , people compared her to one of botticelli 's angels .
M	although senna led by 9 points and there were 9 points for a win , if prost won the last race he would have had to drop his fifth place in canada which meant that he would be two points behind senna even if senna retired .
M	he stated that he came to office under `` very sad and unusual circumstances . ''
F	she has received over 20 awards , including the 1998 international impac dublin literary award .
M	he has attended management studies courses at harvard university , although he did not receive a degree from this institution .
M	when he got there , he was told that senior opposition figures -lrb- and some independent tds -rrb- , including fianna fã il leader -lrb- and ex-taoiseach -rrb- charles haughey , brian lenihan and sylvester barrett had made a series of telephone calls demanding that the president refuse to grant the dissolution .
F	sister wendy beckett , an art critic and catholic nun , said in a television interview with bill moyers that she did not think the work was blasphemous .
F	the media said she had shattered her image of a pop diva with great singing skills .
F	she was born on may 26 , 1938 , in toronto , ontario , which is in canada .
M	he plays for werder bremen .
F	they agreed that she `` combined -lrb- put together -rrb- -lrb- henry fielding 's and samuel richardson 's -rrb- qualities of interiority and irony , realism and satire to form an author superior to -lrb- better than -rrb- both '' .
F	she has a son from a previous relationship .
M	dominic has a tattoo on his right arm of the english word `` nine '' written with the tengwar script .
M	most of dowland 's music is for his own instrument , the lute .
F	she sang on the songs `` i 've got a theory \/ bunnies \/ if we 're together '' , `` under your spell '' -lrb- her solo -rrb- , `` walk through the fire '' , `` standing\/under your spell -lrb- reprise -rrb- '' and `` where do we go from here ? ''
M	he plays for psv eindhoven and netherlands national team .
F	as flora plays on the shore with her doll , the governess suddenly sees a strange woman across the lake who seems to be watching flora .
F	according to sound engineer john kurlander , mccartney said , `` i do n't like ` her majesty , ' throw it away . ''
F	her maternal grandmother , dorothea johnson , founded the protocol school of washington .
M	king frederick augustus iii of saxony followed him into abdication and the kingdom of saxony became the free state of saxony inside the newly-formed weimar republic .
M	he continues to reside in milwaukee and coaches high school hockey .
M	his memorial stone was designed by his only surviving child , roderick .
F	her sisters were also born in rasht .
F	when mrs. jumbo can not take the public making fun of her son , she is locked up as `` mad elephant '' , and dumbo finds himself all alone .
F	she then had to move to the canterbury boarding school , in new milford , connecticut .
F	a scholium to line 971 of aristophanes ' the birds mentions a cult `` to pandora , the earth , because she bestows all things necessary for life '' .
F	during filming , monroe 's make-up artist whitey snyder noticed her stage fright .
M	midway through the season , aang gathers friends he met in previous episodes and leads a failed invasion into the fire nation .
F	although she did not meet the technical requirements for the gm title , this result was so spectacular that fide found it sufficient .
M	st. birinus preached here when he brought christianity to the area .
F	she was president from 1980 to 1996 .
M	he has played for the detroit tigers since 2005 .
F	photographs of her standing next to her sisters six months before she died show that anastasia was a few inches shorter than all of them .
M	one of the dalmatians , patch , feels lost in a sea of spots and wants to be a one-of-a-kind wonder dog like his tv hero , thunderbolt .
F	her most famous role was that of lady macbeth .
M	he has won about 30 tournaments in his career , including tournaments at wijk aan zee -lrb- in 1992 and 1994 -rrb- and first places in biel -lrb- 1993 -rrb- , dos hermanas -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , belgrade -lrb- 1995 -rrb- , tilburg -lrb- 1996 -rrb- , malmo -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and pamplona -lrb- 2004 -rrb- .
F	at least 40,000 people came on her last day in seattle .
M	his writings about the effects of racial segregation were evidence in the important supreme court case brown v. board of education .
F	she is also called ayu by her fans , and called the `` empress of pop '' because her music is very popular in japan .
M	he is believed to have lived in thinis one or two centuries before the rule of the better known king scorpion of nekhen .
M	he learned some three hundred kanji characters which he cited as an influence on his pictorial development .
M	he also was a consultant for private business .
F	three years later she played irina levitina in volgograd , russia and won convincingly by 8 â `` 5 .
F	she was one of only three holders of the title who never became queen .
F	she also acted in into the blue in 2005 and good luck chuck a few years later .
M	commentator mark steyn described the interview as livingstone `` artfully '' attempting `` to draw a distinction between muslim terrorists blowing up his own public transit -lrb- which he did n't approve of -rrb- and muslim terrorists blowing up israeli public transit -lrb- which he was inclined to be sympathetic to -rrb- . ''
M	he is being tortured by the covenant because he failed to stop master chief destroying the first halo in the original game .
F	kuki does not lead a happy conjugal life though she has a love marriage with aniket .
F	fourteen months after she was born , rachel and her husband , aaron , found out that leah was deaf since she was born .
M	for example , in miles gloriosus , the titular â braggart soldierâ pyrgopolynices only shows his vain and immodest side in the first act , while the parasite artotrogus exaggerates pyrgopolynicesâ achievements .
M	because the duke of orleans had voted the death of his brother louis xvi , louis xviii had greatly disliked the orlã ans family .
F	she wears a white gown to symbolise purity and usually a tiara or crown .
F	carey is the youngest child of patricia hickey , who is an opera singer and voice coach , and her dead father , alfred roy carey , who was an aeronautical engineer .
F	alas , since leahâ s speech is developing on her own , hopkins is now very happy being a little green animated sidekick who loves to swim , paint , lift large pieces of fruit and eat unsuspecting flies .
F	she is most noted for playing cheryl in the hbo show curb your enthusiasm .
M	he created the route while a member of the federal board appointed to create the federal highway system , then pushed for the establishment of the u.s. highway 66 association to pave and promote the highway .
M	he was born in 1958 in england , and graduated from the university of london in 1979 .
F	in 1835 she was legally separated from dudevant .
M	some scholars criticised sorai 's work and found his teaching was impractical .
M	he performed in several minor film and television roles .
M	he was born on july 28 , 1954 in hamilton , ohio .
M	in 1839 he was appointed consul at rotterdam , and in the following year transferred to mã laga , the ancestral home of his mother 's family .
F	at 15 , her family moved to rosarito b.c.
M	many of those discovered at athens refer to court cases and curse the opposing litigant , asking -lrb- `` may he ... '' -rrb- that he botch his performance in court , forget his words , become dizzy and so forth .
M	one book , the alexandrian life of aeschylus , said that he won the first prize at the city dionysia 13 times .
M	the boundary of the constituency was changed , and in the 1997 election he was elected to the new constituency of hamilton north and bellshill .
M	he is a one time ecw champion and fourteen time hardcore champion .
M	sorai had a large following with his teachings and created the sorai school , which would become an influential force in japanese confucian scholarship .
F	she has also been to japan , china , russia , europe , malaysia , singapore , laos , myanmar , and thailand .
M	he said the breach of contract by ss united group oil & gas company resulting in the loss of financial backing .
F	she was cloned by ian wilmut , keith campbell and colleagues at the roslin institute in edinburgh , scotland .
M	he served in the massachusetts and new york state legislatures , represented massachusetts in the continental congress and was the first postmaster general under the united states constitution .
M	hence isagoras and his supporters were forced to flee to the acropolis , remaining besieged there for two days .
F	she was also nominated for a bafta .
M	he was the light heavyweight and heavyweight champion of the world .
M	in 1945 , he went into a recording studio for the first time , as a member of the group of herbie fields .
M	meanwhile , general stoneman sent some of his tennessee regiments to wytheville , virginia to destroy anything that looked valuable .
F	she is one of the most known athletes in south korea .
F	on the establishment of the commune , she joined the national guard .
M	he became premier on 23 september 2008 .
F	there , she suddenly became ill and died at the age of 28 .
F	in 2000 , her second studio album , tu veneno -lrb- your poison -rrb- was released and was presentation in `` gala de la hispanidad '' , `` gala de murcia '' -lrb- both in spain -rrb- and `` festival de la calle 8 '' in miami .
F	she -lrb- along with the rest of the bounty hunters -rrb- is fitted with a phazon enhancement device -lrb- ped -rrb- which allows her to use the phazon within her .
M	he was born in brandon , manitoba .
F	in 2001 , she came back with her third album called '' aaliyah '' , the most personal of her whole career .
F	however , she later dropped the lawsuit when she got a personal apology from playboy owner hugh hefner .
M	he was the king of an area called the tidewater region in virginia -lrb- called tenakomakah at the time -rrb- for a while .
M	he argued effectively to gain from his guardians what was left of his inheritance .
M	these men he called patres , and their descendants became the patricians .
M	bunyan 's book is based on his own journey between bedford and luton .
F	shane thought the alliance wanted to vote out danielle , but courtney thought that her new alliance with danielle , terry and fourth member cirie was voting against aras .
F	the oracle of amun proclaimed that it was the will of amun that hatshepsut be pharaoh , further strengthening her position .
M	he is famous for his role as the siamese king in the musical the king and i on theater and in the movie , as well as rameses ii in the 1956 cecil b. demille movie the ten commandments and as chris adams in the magnificent seven .
M	he also performed the opening theme for the television series jennifer slept here .
M	he considered radiation pressure as accounting for comets , the solar corona , the aurora borealis , and zodiacal light .
M	william raymond norwood , jr. -lrb- born january 17 , 1981 -rrb- , better known by his stage name ray j , is an american singer , record producer and actor .
M	he commands hephaestus to make the first woman from earth .
F	her son , rajiv gandhi , also later became prime minister of india .
F	intan erlita -lrb- her full name intan erlita novianti , born in jakarta , 23 november 1980 -rrb- is a televisionâ s host and ex-model from indonesia .
F	she did , however , have some success as a solo country artist in the 1970s and 1980s .
F	the following year fey won an emmy in the category of outstanding guest actress in a comedy series for her acting as palin .
F	she is better known as candice michelle or just candice .
F	they both appreciated her intelligence and , in july 1779 , she became the governess of the couple 's twin daughters born in 1777 .
M	a few of his early stories were signed `` theodore h. sturgeon . ''
F	she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
F	she , and dave holloway , alleged that joran van der sloot was receiving `` special legal favors '' .
F	her role as lorelei lee , a showgirl , required her to act , sing , and dance .
M	he was born in colombia .
F	in 1908 , at the age of 23 , she finished her education and received a ph.
F	she became disgusted with the political conduct of desapio through the rest of 1950s .
F	her father was in the public service , so her family often moved .
F	in 2006 , benson released her second movie lovers , liars and lunatics through her own production company , benson entertainment .
F	in the 1960s , when schwarzkopf sang in operas she nearly always sang one of her five favorite operatic roles : donna elvira in mozart 's don giovanni , countess almaviva in the marriage of figaro , fiordiligi in cosã fan tutte , countess madeleine in strauss 's capriccio , and the marschallin in der rosenkavalier .
F	the voices of kelly generic -lrb- bobby 's sister -rrb- and martha generic -lrb- bobby 's mom -rrb- are based on two characters gail matthius played when she was a member on saturday night live in 1980 .
M	he was born september 17 , 1939 .
F	she is the sister of shane mcmahon and daughter of linda mcmahon .
M	at camp , percy tells nico about bianca 's death ; he sprints into the woods .
M	after ali 's death he became caliph .
M	he was a singer of saosin and members of the now-defunct this day forward .
M	before the 10th november , he had already killed 32 axis soldiers with the standard mosin-nagant rifle .
M	then he studied at the darmstadt university of technology in germany , where he received his diploma in physics in 1966 and his ph.
F	partnered with mahesh bhupathi , she won the mixed doubles title beating nathalie dechy -lrb- france -rrb- and andy ram -lrb- israel -rrb- 6-3 , 6-1 in the final in melbourne .
M	in addition to being used as a tag for his entrance on cbs episodes he hosted , steve allen 's composition `` this could be the start of something '' was used as the opening theme in 1972 .
M	after the game , leveque would tell the team that he had `` connections in norfolk '' and that he was leaving the team .
M	his best known novels include money -lrb- 1984 -rrb- , london fields -lrb- 1989 -rrb- , time 's arrow -lrb- 1991 -rrb- and the information -lrb- 1995 -rrb- .
M	john george ijohann georg i 23 june 1611 8 october 1656 brother of christian ii , ruled during the thirty years ' war , during which he was at times allied with the emperor and at times with the king of sweden .
F	she is funny and not shy at all .
F	she runs a weekly syndicated column .
F	she has a lover , gabriele adorno .
F	she told stratus that she loved her at the royal rumble .
M	in this role he was dressed up as a female and did a parody of the great opera singer joan sutherland singing the mad scene from lucia di lammermoor .
M	he was 86 years old .
F	messing met her husband , daniel zelman , an actor and screenwriter , on their first day as graduate students at nyu in 1990 .
F	her most recent album is live at the troubadour , which she made with james taylor .
F	the female may store a male 's hydraulically implanted spermatophore -lrb- a sort of tapered , cylindrical satchel of sperm -rrb- for long periods before she is ready to fertilize her eggs .
M	following his education in giessen , he took postdoctoral fellowships in paris -lrb- 1851-52 -rrb- , in chur , switzerland -lrb- 1852-53 -rrb- , and in london -lrb- 1853-55 -rrb- , where he was decisively influenced by alexander williamson .
M	despite blair 's personal antipathy , livingstone was included on labour 's shortlist in november 1999 , having pledged that he would not run as an independent if he failed to secure the party 's nomination .
F	aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her sick mother .
M	he served as prime minister of the united kingdom three times .
F	she also appeared abroad , notably at the royal opera house in london in 1951 , as arline in the bohemian girl , and later appeared at the vienna state opera , the salzburg festival , the bolshoi in moscow .
M	he has also created the 7 worlds collide projects where diverse musicians come together to record an album .
F	she asked the executives if she could write a song for the film .
F	she was also part of the indian women 's team that won the silver in the team event .
M	max thinks of himself as stupid pie eating fool and is in learning disabled classes , and people are afraid of him because he looks like his father , `` killer kane , '' a convicted murderer .
F	she was the first person to go over niagara falls in a barrel without dying .
M	in the january 2011 rating list , he had overtaken nigel short , to become the uk 's second highest ranked player after michael adams .
F	she is a third-person singular pronoun used to talk about a female .
F	her tables of atomic spectra and energy levels , published by nbs , have remained essential references in spectroscopy for decades .
M	assuming that alexandria was due north of syene he concluded that the distance from alexandria to syene must be 1\/50 of the total circumference of the earth .
M	the following year he became principal of peabody graded school in wilmington , north carolina in 1881 .
M	corsi scheduled another promotional appearance on the the political cesspool one month later , however , he canceled this appearance , citing `` travel plans that changed '' .
M	they do not answer him , but greet him as the thane of glamis , the thane of cawdor and the future king .
M	then he sang at milan 's la scala -lrb- 1951 -rrb- , the glyndebourne festival -lrb- from 1954 on -rrb- and london 's royal opera house , covent garden -lrb- 1954 , 1956 and 1958 -rrb- .
M	he learned to play the lute , the viol and the harp , and soon became known as a singer .
M	he is also the lead singer for `` drag '' .
F	her first recording , a coupling of `` gulf coast blues '' and `` downhearted blues , '' was very popular .
M	he was `` kommissar fã 1\/4 r den jã 1\/4 dischen wohnbezirk '' -lrb- `` commissioner for the jewish residential district '' -rrb- in warsaw , poland from april 1941 to november 1942 .
M	businessman ross perot ran as candidate for the reform party with economist pat choate as his running mate : he received less media attention and was excluded from the presidential debates and , while still obtaining substantial results for a third-party candidate , by u.s. standards , did not renew his success in the 1992 election .
M	in 1917 , he enrolled in the university of wyoming at laramie , graduating in 1921 with a bsc in electrical engineering .
F	the drunk woman , also at munich , portrays without reservation an old woman , thin , haggard , clutching against herself her jar of wine .
M	he was also a captain of england and won 77 caps in his career of ten years .
M	; first form in his first form , frieza is a relatively short humanoid , albeit with a large chestnut-shaped skull with two horns .
F	she has also made appearances on shows such as oliver beene , six feet under , the guardian , and general hospital .
M	in october 2000 , he defeated garry kasparov in a match played in london , and became the classical world chess champion .
F	`` just because she was our premier player does n't mean she was above the rules '' , said vicki paski in 1992 , then president of the wpba .
M	shortly after graduating from the royal college of art after a two-year furniture ma course in 1994 , he was commissioned by harvey nichols department store in knightsbridge to design a temporary structure for the shop 's facade .
M	ellery avenue in middletown , rhode island is named in his honor .
M	because of this , he filmed scenes with actors on the edge of both sides so that they would have to show it that way .
M	one year later he married the actress lotti geissler .
M	he was the commander of the armenian legion of the wehrmacht , the armed forces of nazi germany and part of armenian national liberation movement .
F	the legend tells that giltinä -- was young , pretty and communicative until she was trapped in a coffin for seven years .
F	among the bantu kavirondo the mother of twins must remain in her hut for seven days ; among the nilotic kavirondo the parents and the infants must stay in the hut for a whole month .
M	at the event the undertaker appeared from a flaming casket after orton `` killed '' him on an episode of smackdown .
F	these people were maxim grigoyev , tatiana sitnikova and her son fyodor sitnikov , ivan kuklin and matrina kuklina , vassily ryabov , ustinya varankina , and dr. pavel utkin .
M	vulcan carefully shut this precious coal in a clamshell and took it back to his underwater grotto and made a fire with it .
M	he and his horse may-queen won the silver medal as member of the german team at the 1912 summer olympics .
F	thetis became flustered causing juno to become suspicious and , at last , the queen god discovered the truth : the baby she had once rejected had grown into a talented blacksmith .
F	modern scholars , however , have theorized that by assuming the typical symbols of pharaonic power , hatshepsut was asserting her claim to be the sovereign rather than a `` king 's great wife '' or queen consort .
F	her parents were elliot tole lane and jane buchanan lane .
M	on 9 august 48 bc at pharsalus in central greece , gaius julius caesar and his allies formed up opposite the army of the republic under the command of gnaeus pompeius magnus -lrb- `` pompey the great '' -rrb- .
F	she was the first woman to become premier of an australian state and she is western australia 's only woman premier .
F	she also started wrestling for maryland championship wrestling .
F	it was the beginning of twenty years in which she was the queen of drury lane .
M	he has played for omiya ardija .
M	he was then re-elected for a second term in 2009 .
M	there , he further studied german as well as dutch , danish , swedish , finnish , and icelandic .
F	in art , she was usually shown as a gazelle , or with a gazelle 's head , and sometimes had a headdress of feathers .
F	she also scored 116.83 in the free skating program , winning the gold medal .
F	when polgar refused to play under these conditions , fide declared that she had forfeited the title , and instead organized a match between xie jun and alisa galliamova for the women 's world chess championship , which was won by xie jun.
F	she recorded nearly 150 sides during her time with the orchestra .
F	holloway , who had been scheduled to fly home later on may 30 , did not appear for her return flight .
F	she works with cherith baldry , victoria holmes , and tui sutherland while writing these books .
M	henry stuart , duke of gloucester -lrb- 8 july 1640 â `` 18 september 1660 -rrb- was the third adult -lrb- and youngest -rrb- son of charles i and his queen , henrietta maria of france .
F	hepburn was born in hartford , connecticut and went to bryn mawr college ; she got her degree in 1928 and started on broadway that same year in night hostess .
M	two years later , his dissertation , `` mã moire sur le systã me nerveux du barbeaux -lrb- cyprinus barbus l. -rrb- '' was published in paris and strasbourg .
M	although he had a minor chart single with `` mixed up guy '' in 1971 , real chart success eluded him for the rest of the decade .
M	a kavirondo husband , before starting on a perilous journey , cuts scars on his wife 's body to ensure him good luck .
F	she told the police that she shot cooke in self-defense .
F	she released her debut album in 2006 entitled undiscovered .
F	it was there , on 29 june 1812 , that she gave perhaps the most extraordinary farewell performance in theater history .
M	he is most famous for his comic strip , `` calvin and hobbes '' which was published between 1985 and 1995 .
F	they also failed to put in her humor and irony .
M	he spent a year studying english language and literature at st anne 's college , oxford .
M	he also noted that the term `` flash-sideways '' was deliberately used instead of `` alternate reality '' because viewers might otherwise `` infer that one of them is n't real , or one of them is real and the other is the alternate to being real . ''
M	one professors said that some of the students were going to be professional anthropologists but he was not one of them .
F	with melanie klein , she may be considered the founder of psychoanalytic child psychology .
M	upon his return to romania he became professor of the catholic seminary in oradea and confessor at the ursuline convent in the city .
F	her brothel there boasted such patrons as robert benchley , new york city mayor jimmy walker , and dutch schultz .
M	when woods was made an honorary freeman of new zealand , he was commended for his `` efficiency , integrity and devotion to duty '' .
F	according to van der sloot , holloway fell down as she exited the car but refused van der sloot 's help .
M	this increased his popularity in both britain and ireland .
F	she was the daughter of eustace iii of boulogne and mary of scotland .
F	her first book , under the window -lrb- 1879 -rrb- was a best-seller .
M	he enrolled in the army in search of a disciplined environment .
M	his memory is widely reviled by the people of bengal and pakistan ; the word `` mirjafar '' in bengali and the phrase `` meer jafar '' in urdu are now synonymous with traitor , used much as quisling is used in english .
M	he plays for vissel kobe .
M	franã oise madeleine d'orl ã ans -lrb- 13 october 1648 -- 14 january 1664 -rrb- was born at the chã cents teau de saint germain en laye and was the youngest surviving daughter of gaston of orlã ans and his second wife marguerite of lorraine .
M	after receiving his b.a.
F	her mother gave birth to eight children , but only mary and her younger sister anne lived to adulthood .
M	he was suspicious of anything innovative .
M	in one of lovecraft 's tales , the call of cthulhu , he said that cthulhu currently lies in a dreamlike state in the sunken city of r ` lyeh -lrb- rill-ee-yeh -rrb- , waiting for the time when the old ones shall rise again .
F	in 2000 she resigned as director of mary quant ltd. , her cosmetics company , after a japanese buy-out .
M	he is a noted player of bullet chess -lrb- 2\/3 minutes a side -rrb- , and three times azerbaijani national chess champion -lrb- 1995 , 1996 and in 1998 -rrb- .
F	she began performing in the kansai reggae scene in 1995 .
F	mary and francesco 's mother laura was firm with her children .
M	he has won 91 times .
F	in 1950 , she reported her work on ac\/ds and her ideas about gene regulation in a paper .
F	anastasia and her family were moved to the ipatiev house -lrb- house of special purpose -rrb- , at yekaterinburg .
F	lavatory - lovestory is a short film that is about a lavatory attendant that finds a bunch of flowers in her tip jar -lrb- a tin where customers give her money as a reward for a good job -rrb- .
M	he promised to end the use of tobacco in the military after the end of the war .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from 1969 to 1974 .
F	she waited until the following september to release `` something deep inside '' .
F	on 7 may 1918 , anastasia wrote a letter from tobolsk to her sister maria in yekaterinburg .
M	jon and burton started to see rupert as a physical threat for challenges , and wanted to vote him off , bothering rupert 's alliance members sandra and christa .
F	her most famous role is as rose tyler , a companion to the doctor in the television series doctor who .
M	he is most famous as a member of the bands the byrds and crosby , stills , and nash , as having rather close relations with neil young .
M	when he finally called a national assembly in 1847 , it was not a representative body , but rather a united diet which cold speak for all the provincial estates and had the right to grant taxes and loans but no right to meet at regular intervals .
F	the style of mademoiselle de penthiã vre had been previoulsy borne by her sister marie louise de bourbon -lrb- 1751 â `` 1753 -rrb- who died six months after marie adã laã de 's birth .
M	in the second round , he faced socialist candidate sã golã ne royal .
M	pilate wished to have jesus whipped , then let him go .
F	gaga explained that the telephone addressed in the lyrics of the song , is in reality a person telling her to continue working harder .
M	he was created on 30 august 1851 the 334th commander and then the 200th grand cross of the order of the tower and sword .
M	he won gold in the madison at the los angeles world track championships with rob hayles .
M	gable , commenting that he felt unwell , left the set without attending the wrap party .
M	in a famous three-hour discussion on august 28 , 1945 , rickey asked robinson if he could face the racial hatred without reacting angrily .
M	he plays for lille .
M	mandelstam 's poetry , acutely populist in spirit after the first russian revolution , became closely associated with symbolist imagery , and in 1911 he and several other young russian poets formed `` poets ' guild '' -lrb- russian : ð ð ñ
F	this ardent attachment was perhaps one of the sources of the exaltation which marked her career , and gave many handles to her enemies .
F	in 1736 her brother the duke of lorraine married the maria theresa of austria , daughter of charles vi , holy roman emperor .
M	after finally completing this task , he was assassinated in a conspiracy arranged by brutus and cassius .
M	again , however , he was limited to only 16 games by an injury to his left knee .
F	she has an older sister , holly montag -lrb- born 1983 -rrb- .
F	following the tradition of many pharaohs , the masterpiece of hatshepsut 's building projects was her mortuary temple .
M	pausanias was probably a native of lydia ; he was certainly familiar with the western coast of asia minor , but his travels extended far beyond the limits of ionia .
M	on the basis of his discoveries , flemming surmised for the first time that all cell nuclei came from another predecessor nucleus -lrb- he coined the phrase omnis nucleus e nucleo , after virchow 's omnis cellula e cellula -rrb- .
F	at the live show , before the reading of the votes , rob m. proposed to amber for her hand in marriage , and she said yes .
F	historians believe that olga was killed with her family at ekaterinburg .
M	he was one of the founders and the first president of the all-india muslim league , and served as president of the league of nations from 1937-38 .
F	on february 8 , 2009 rihanna was assaulted by her then-boyfriend chris brown after brown was sending messages to a girl .
F	irving is of jewish from her father 's side and has a little bit of welsh and cherokee ancestry on her mother 's .
M	potts was told to write his account by the trial judges , and had completed the work by 16 november 1612 .
M	on 23 october , staunton published his entire reply along with a partial copy of morphy 's open letter .
F	producer henry weinstein recalled seeing her on several occasions being physically ill as she prepared to film her scenes .
M	he plays for juventus and italy national team .
M	he became part of hariri 's business .
F	when the man disappears , she becomes frightened and wonders if she has seen a ghost .
F	on 14 march 1622 , while playing with her ladies , anne fell on the stairs .
F	makarova caused another upset as she knocked out nadia petrova while beneå ovã defeated anastasia pavlyuchenkova in the final set .
F	she also had a relationship with clark 's foe , lex luthor .
M	his comedies are among the earliest works of latin literature that has not been lost .
M	he has played for republic of ireland national team .
M	he was a colleague of jean-baptiste lamarck and believed in the underlying unity of organismal design , and the possibility of the change of species in time .
M	at a young age he read books such as 1984 by george orwell and brave new world by aldous huxley , which would inspire his later work .
F	she played the lead role in the television series zoey 101 .
F	mirza had had the best results of her career during the 2007 summer hardcourt season , finishing eighth in the 2007 u.s. open series standings .
M	then the host , who has knowledge of what is behind every door , opens a different door which he is certain has a goat behind it -lrb- opening either door with equal chances if the car is behind the player 's door -rrb- .
F	when strasberg felt monroe was ready to give a performance in front of her peers , monroe and maureen stapleton chose the opening scene from eugene o'neill 's anna christie .
M	he tested for red bull racing at the young drivers test at circuito de jerez .
M	philip john clapp -lrb- born march 11 , 1971 in knoxville , tennessee -rrb- is an american actor , daredevil and screenwriter better known by his stage name , johnny knoxville .
F	she has also done voices for fillmore !
F	a patron of the arts , she gave the medici 's large art collection -lrb- including the contents of the uffizi , palazzo pitti and medici villas -rrb- which she inherited upon her brother gian gastoneâ s death in 1737 , and her palatine treasures to the tuscan state , on the condition that none of it be removed .
M	in 2005 professor schrock received the nobel prize in chemistry , along with robert h. grubbs and yves chauvin , for his work on olefin metathesis , which is a method of organic synthesis .
F	when the governess arrives at bly house she is greeted by the housekeeper , mrs. grose , and the children who -lrb- bow and curtsey -rrb- .
F	this gave her the shortest womenâ s championship reign in wwe history .
F	her autobiography , extreme , which osbourne wrote about her life , was very successful and has sold 2 million copies .
M	in 1851 , he graduated from yale university with honors .
F	wollstonecraft wrote the rights of woman quickly so that she could directly respond to ongoing events ; she wanted to write a more thoughtful second volume , but died before doing so .
F	the contract chihiro signed allowed yubaba to take chihiro 's name kanji , and change her name to sen. then she finds a boy named haku who is really a dragon who befriends and falls in love with chiriro , their relationship is dangerous to have because dragon spirits are not allowed to talk or have contact near humans .
M	he was once a professional player .
M	in september 2004 , he left people 's party for freedom and democracy -lrb- vvd in dutch , the language spoken in the netherlands -rrb- .
M	he said that he eventually more or less gave up writing and started drinking all of the time .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	her most notable role to date is katara from avatar : the last airbender in the 2010 movie the last airbender , directed by m. night shyamalan .
M	in his junior year he met joe principe at a `` sick of it all '' concert show .
M	in his 1980 interview for playboy he said , `` i would never even dream of writing a song like that . ''
F	her first break came as a child actor on the disney channel variety show kids incorporated -lrb- 1989 -- 1991 -rrb- .
F	the producer and scriptwriter , nunnally johnson , said that it was the first film in which audiences `` liked marilyn for herself -lrb- and that -rrb- she diagnosed the reason very shrewd .
F	her first pay-per-view match â `` a bra and panties match â `` was at the great american bash against torrie wilson .
M	leakey 's second stint in the civil service lasted until 2001 when he was forced to resign again .
M	instead he was moved into the former secretary to the lord lieutenant 's residence in the grounds of ã ras an uachtarã in , which he renamed little ratra and where he lived out the remaining four years of his life .
F	her name was delilah .
F	she made the medal-portraits to the celebration of the anniversary of the king and queen , and she was hired by the us government to make the medal of george washington at the centenary -lrb- hundred years anniversary -rrb- of the end of the war of independence in 1883 .
F	along with several of these models , she appeared in the 2008 pirelli calendar .
F	she is known for her powerful forehand ground strokes .
F	she is sometimes called daw aung san suu kyi ; daw is not part of her name , but a title for older women .
F	liz sinclair had been studying wallabies and caught the potoroo in one of her traps .
M	in total , he made over 250 senior appearances , scoring three goals .
M	in 1619 , on his way to batavia , he sailed the western coast of australia .
F	in a dance party she met george h. w. bush .
F	they mostly focused on the moral lessons of her books .
M	his second novel , the mambo kings play songs of love , received the 1990 pulitzer prize for fiction .
F	o'connor first came to the attention of xena : warrior princess executive producers robert tapert and sam raimi with an `` over-the-top '' audition that won her the role of the young deianeira in their two-hour `` action pack '' adventure hercules and the lost kingdom .
M	a small museum about him was opened in august 2001 by tour de france legend lucien van impe in the harworth social club .
M	montale , who grew up in liguria along the mediterranean sea , was awarded the nobel prize for literature in 1975 , for his long and prolific career .
F	she is currently full-time mother of their two children , stephie and max .
M	he plays for urawa red diamonds .
F	cash and dixie get into an argument , and dixie walks off before their performance , forcing them to go on stage without her .
F	ã lisabeth charlotte died of a stroke , on 23 december 1744 , one week after her daughter-in-law and grandchild , at the age of sixty-eight .
M	he was appointed to serve as acting president , with all the accompanying powers , until when and if yar ` adua returned to full health .
F	she is best known for playing the character cordelia chase in the television series buffy the vampire slayer and its spin-off angel .
M	he plays for kawasaki frontale .
F	keith money wrote that a new zealand chef in a hotel in wellington , new zealand , created the dish when pavlova visited as part of her world tour in 1926 .
M	bart decides to jump the springfield gorge , but homer learns about bart 's plan and makes him promise not to jump it .
M	he became famous in his major roles in the 2005 films little manhattan and zathura , the 2006 comedy rv , the 2007 family adventure film firehouse dog , the film adaptations of bridge to terabithia , journey to the center of the earth and cirque du freak : the vampire 's assistant .
F	in the late 1980s , she moved to new york , where she got a job measuring feet at ecco -lrb- a shoe shop -rrb- .
F	sitting for the civil service exam , she outscored all other applicants and in 1936 became only the second woman to be hired by the bureau of fisheries for a full-time , professional position , as a junior aquatic biologist .
F	she was picked by steven spielberg to sing `` god bless america '' in a.i.
M	shostakovich is best known for his 15 symphonies and 15 string quartets .
M	upon canute 's death -lrb- november 12 , 1035 -rrb- , harold 's younger half-brother harthacanute , the son of canute and his queen , emma of normandy , was legitimate heir to the thrones of both the danes and the english , but was unable to travel to his coronation , because his danish kingdom was under threat of invasion by king magnus i of norway and king anund jacob of sweden .
M	he composes multifaceted lyrics that frequently deal with the themes of life and death in various religious contexts .
M	a year later , cheekily auditioning with the opening soliloquy from richard iii , he caught the eye of star-maker laurence olivier who was recruiting promising spear-carriers for his new national theatre company .
M	he was a sloan fellow at mit in 1971 â `` 72 , getting a master 's degree in management .
M	he recognized his vocal abilities at the age of 14 in 1998 .
F	she is the wife of karl-theodor zu guttenberg , the former german minister of defense .
M	in 2007 his ongoing research was described by the university of minnesota as `` comparison and analysis of systems and techniques of economic organization , welfare economics , game-theoretic implementation of social choice goals , and modeling economic institutions . ''
F	she anchors cnn internationals international desk .
F	she was raised in the christian science faith , which means that she believed that god made the earth .
F	in election 2008 she was re-elected as the female counselor .
M	he received the 2005 holberg international memorial prize -lrb- about â 520,000 -rrb- .
F	she was created princess royal of the united kingdom in 1841 .
M	he is also a member of the expediency discernment council and the high council of cultural revolution .
M	upon finishing his ph.
M	he has no more powers than any of the other judges of the supreme court , who are called associate justices .
F	she is a former prime minister of norway , and was the director general of the world health organization .
M	in 29 sejanus began a series of purge trials of senators and wealthy equestrians in the city , removing those capable of opposing his power , adding to the imperial -lrb- and his own -rrb- treasury .
F	her nephew and niece , james edward and anna austen , may have made further additions to her work in around 1814 .
F	in mid-december , gavron announced she would stand down as the labor candidate in favor of a ` unity campaign , ' with gavron as livingstone 's deputy , with labour 's national executive committee voting 25-2 to pave the way for livingstone 's readmittance .
F	as she left , she said `` bless god and bless the gays , '' similar to her 2009 mtv video music awards speech a month earlier .
F	all that remained was a cord that liadan made for niamh that held a white stone given to her by ciarã n.
F	she advanced through to the candidates final , where she beat alla kushnir by 7 â 1\/2 â `` 6 â 1\/2 to set up a world title match in pitsunda , georgia , against nona gaprindashvili , the reigning women 's world champion .
M	for example , the british ambassador to the united states , sir david manning , was appointed a cmg when he worked for the british foreign and commonwealth office -lrb- fco -rrb- .
M	in the television series , mario and luigi are from brooklyn , although super mario world 2 : yoshi 's island says he was born in the mushroom kingdom .
M	when sidelined , he appeared on raw and stated that he could not get drafted due to injury .
M	it was invented in 1800 by alessandro volta ; he was a physicist , and he came from italy .
M	to distinguish him from other rulers bearing the title duke of saxony , he was commonly called elector of saxony .
M	he is a columnist for a dutch language website .
M	with his main goals reached and winter coming , germanicus ordered his army back to their winter camps , with the fleet incurring some damage from a storm in the north sea .
M	bega spent time in miami during his teenage years .
M	he is known as `` vyborg rocket '' in russia .
M	he is also known as the founder and chief executive officer of construction giant blount international .
M	soon he was studying the piano with istvã n thoman who had studied with the famous franz liszt .
F	she realized that computers would be able to do more than just calculating or number-crunching .
F	sophia dorothea 's father , george william , and george louis , had sophia dorothea imprisoned in ahlden castle in celle , where she was unable to see her father , former husband , or children .
F	lilly found that customers loved her dress , so she made more to sell at her juice stand .
F	june tabor wanted to sing after she heard an anne briggs record called hazards of love in 1965 .
F	in september 2008 , she told a blogger , `` i 've been focusing on art a lot , and fashion 's a great extension of that . ''
M	the romantics thought he was a german emperor from the hohenstaufen family .
F	she also had a recurring role on the television show , scrubs as danni sullivan and is probably best known for her portrayal of victoria ` vicky ' lathum in the american pie series .
M	he plays for shonan bellmare .
M	he plays for kashiwa reysol .
M	however , according to umarov , the bases of the rebel fighters loyal to him `` spread from azerbaijan to abkhazia . ''
M	he played for four years in many nt productions , including named roles in the recruiting officer and the royal hunt of the sun , working with directors william gaskill and john dexter .
M	he tells his friends that he has got these things because he has a job with an english gentleman .
M	he also claims that creation records boss , alan mcgee , upon hearing the song , told noel it was `` too good '' to be a b-side .
F	before leaving iole gives deianeira a necklace to thank her for looking after her the night before .
F	after her graduation in 1988 , fey enrolled at the university of virginia .
F	plath published her first collection of poems .
M	he was the pastor of the thomas road baptist church , a megachurch in lynchburg , virginia .
M	while he was in exile with the family , he often helped treat tsarevich alexei nikolaevich of russia .
M	he combined this with a strong emphasis on the cultivation of in-depth insight into the doctrine of emptiness as taught by the indian masters nä gä rjuna -lrb- 2nd century -rrb- and candrakä `` rti -lrb- 7th century -rrb- .
M	the actual site of his grave is not known .
F	next , she wrote a novel called the mandarins , which won prize .
F	she said that both her grandmother and aunt , jennet and ellen bierley , were able to change themselves into dogs and that they had `` haunted and vexed her '' for years .
F	germanicus 's widow agrippina the elder and two of her sons were arrested and exiled in ad 30 and later all died in suspicious circumstances .
M	he plays for nagoya grampus eight .
F	by july 2009 , she had recorded nine tracks of the new album .
M	he was the 54th governor of the state of new jersey .
F	she was also the first female skater to pass the 200-point mark under the isu judging system .
F	her mother , named peggy , said she did her homework and took a nap before appearing at the scheduled match .
M	after roussel stopped working with the navy in 1894 , he began to study music with eugã ne gigout .
F	she and dudevant had two children : maurice -lrb- 1823 â `` 1889 -rrb- and solange -lrb- 1828 â `` 1899 -rrb- .
M	although he received little acclaim during his lifetime and died in poverty , melã ndez is recognized today as the greatest spanish still-life painter of the eighteenth century .
M	he recorded a career-high 66 points in 47 games with the senators in 1947 â `` 48 , then helped the club to an allan cup in 1949 as canada 's senior amateur champions .
M	he said this in rolling stone magazine and in his autobiography : my life .
M	michael wayne atha -lrb- born december 30 , 1979 -rrb- , known by his stage name yelawolf , is an american rapper .
F	she explains to the crowd that amonasro is her father .
M	however , one unnamed councillor involved in a traffic accident immediately prior to his date of resignation was reported to have voluntarily waived his immunity , and councillor elisabeth kopp decided to resign upon facing an inquiry over allegations of secrecy violations .
M	1260 â `` 1296 joint rule of saxony with his brother john i , duke of saxony -lrb- till 1282 -rrb- and thereafter with the latter 's sons albert iii , eric i , and john ii .
M	he thus proposed that chemical reactions in solution were reactions between ions .
M	he was also the goalkeeper of the german under-21 team when they won the uefa under-21 european championship in june 2009 .
F	ernman is a versatile artist in her field , who outside the world of opera and operettas also has performed chansons , cabaret , jazz , appeared in musicals and she is a performer who 's declared that she 's very much attracted to the attributes of varitã theater and small , intimate stage rooms .
F	she received a lifetime achievement award from the desert theatre league -lrb- dtl -rrb- on sunday , november 20 , 2005 , at the dtl 's 18th `` desert stars awards '' ceremony held at the riviera resort in palm springs .
F	many persons call her by another name , bess truman or bessie truman .
F	her reply was : `` most definitely not '' .
F	the clients hire the service of geishas through the geisha union office -lrb- æ ç kenban -rrb- , which takes care of the geisha 's schedule and makes her appointments both for entertaining and for training .
M	after the race , it was reported that he was involved in a physical altercation with team principal franz tost .
F	the following year she appeared in spy kids 4 , a sequel to spy kids .
F	she was with the communards who made their last stand in the cemetery of montmartre , and was closely allied with thã ophile ferrã , who was executed in november 1871 .
M	from 1901 , he lived at his godfather hermann von epenstein 's mansion .
F	-lrb- born february 1 , 1898 -rrb- is an american pediatrician who still worked until she was 103 .
M	he says that his plays helped the athenians to be brave and virtuous -lrb- line 1039ff -rrb- .
F	she left behind a daughter , lisa celeste , who is now an actress and singer who took on the stage name simone .
M	in 2006 , george michael announced his first tour in 15 years .
F	in early 1938 tresca publicly accused the soviets of kidnapping juliet poyntz to prevent her defection from the communist party usa .
M	when he was a teenager , he left home and joined a group of people fighting for indiaâ s freedom .
F	she was diagnosed with autism in 1950 .
M	he created gnu emacs , the gnu c compiler , and the gnu debugger .
F	her father was the only sibling of king louis xiv of france .
F	while lisa fails to win the contest , her faith in government is back .
M	from studying the proper motion of stars , he was the first to realize that the solar system is moving through space .
F	she banned leto from giving birth on any mainland or island known .
M	when he did spiritual practice at bavania in gujarat , he was known as tallaiya baba .
M	he was also named second star of the game .
F	this was her first acting role on television for a broadcaster other than the bbc .
F	`` neither the hope of fame nor profit mixed with her early motives -lrb- purposes -rrb- ... -lrb- s -rrb- o much did she shrink from notoriety , that no accumulation of fame would have induced -lrb- made -rrb- her , had she lived , to affix -lrb- put -rrb- her name to any productions of her public she turned away from any allusion to the character of an authoress . ''
M	he was sent to exile island and would join the tribe that loses a member .
F	however , she left high school mid-course in order to pursue a singing career .
M	he is currently in prison for the 1989 murder of a border guard in brusio -lrb- switzerland -rrb- .
M	in 1995 , he ran unsuccessfully against alberto fujimori for president of peru .
M	he has also written an opera for young people called bang !
M	his father was a coal merchant at stamford , lincolnshire , who also played the organ .
F	jpg thumb -lrb- 489x599 -rrb- px right valerie plame -rrb- -rrb- valerie elise plame wilson , known simply as valerie plame , is a former officer of the central intelligence agency and the author of two books related to her career .
M	he also played a major role in creating organizations for future research in africa and for protecting wildlife there .
F	she was the secretary of transportation in ronald reagan 's administration and the us secretary of labor for george h.w.
F	in the wake of the oklahoma city bombing , she formed a task force to rebuild the childcare center lost in the disaster .
F	she was best known for her time with world wrestling entertainment .
F	our lady peace said that the song was about a young girl from kitchener , ontario named mina kim who had a cancerous tumor in her brain .
M	jeter was born in pequannock township , new jersey , to an african-american father , dr. sanderson charles jeter ; his mother dorothy is of irish and german descent .
F	apart from her native russian , xenia studied english , french , and german .
F	her favorite movies are mean girls , emperor 's new groove , and last seduction , and her favorite television shows are one tree hill , scrubs , and extreme makeover .
M	he plays for internacional .
F	her next drury lane appearance on 10 october 1782 was very different .
M	before his ascension to the chrysanthemum throne , his personal name -lrb- imina -rrb- was hatsusebe-shinn å , also known as hatsusebe no waka-sazaki .
M	he wrote in opposition to many who saw society as improving , and -lrb- in principle -rrb- as perfectible .
M	he was the most famous composer in europe by that time .
M	he was the captain on the toronto maple leafs for 11 seasons .
F	over the years she has worked in various styles including jazz and art song .
M	he was appointed a knight commander of the order of the british empire in the 2006 new year 's honours list for services to sport .
F	she shared the nobel prize with luc montagnier and harald zur hausen .
M	he is also the founder of the english wikipedia newsletter , the signpost .
F	usually it is queen of -lrb- realm -rrb- and her other realms and territories , head of the commonwealth .
F	she was born at qingjiang , kiangsu , china as ruth mccue bell , the second of five children .
M	he did not slow down at the scene of an accident at monaco .
M	he is the president of the senate -lrb- government -rrb- of hamburg .
M	he was originally performed by henson himself .
F	-lrb- simpson has come back from america to be a guest player on her albums in the 2000s .
F	she was also teatcher in declamation there .
M	he accepted this as truth at the forest home christian camp -lrb- now called forest home ministries -rrb- , southeast of the big bear area in southern california .
F	to earn money , she took in laundry to wash and baked cakes for sale .
F	during the case , monroe was urged by film executives to leave miller , rather than risk her career .
F	natalee , we know , she drank all day every day .
M	at the age of 18 , he joined the army when he was accepted to west point .
M	his series expeditionen ins tierreich -lrb- expeditions into the animal kingdom -rrb- broadcast on national german television from 1965 to 1991 , made him well known in germany .
F	nevertheless , mcclintock continued to develop her ideas on controlling elements .
F	during the following months , monroe 's need for alcohol and prescription medications began to take a toll on her health .
F	one year later she agreed to become the first labor candidate for the presidency and the first woman candidate in what was only the second presidential election to be contested by three candidates since 1945 .
M	in the boarding schools , dumas fils was constantly taunted by his classmates .
M	lee has written a two-volume set of memoirs : the singapore story -lrb- isbn 0-13-020803-5 -rrb- , which covers his view of singapore 's history until its separation from malaysia in 1965 , and from third world to first : the singapore story -lrb- isbn 0060197765 -rrb- , which gives his account of singapore 's subsequent transformation into a developed nation .
M	he has been called the world 's greatest living male ballet dancer .
F	the season four episode `` debate camp '' features a flashback to the days just before bartlet 's inauguration , as donna moss meets with her republican predecessor , jeff johnson , who makes it clear that the outgoing republican administration has been in office for eight years .
M	in 1992 eddie hazel died from internal bleeding and his liver failed .
F	after her death a rose was named after her by the royal horticultural society .
F	she was born in galashiels , scotland in 1895 .
F	she manages to beat all the boys , including jess .
F	her mother , elena , is a psychotherapist .
M	when he hits the ball with his bat , he may run toward the other wicket .
M	he has been president of making music -lrb- the national federation of music societies -rrb- since 1989 .
F	her early roles may have been small ones , but her acting in the asphalt jungle and all about eve -lrb- both 1950 -rrb- were well liked by critics .
F	she became famous for dancing in the band ã o tchan !
F	she and her sister went to mitcham demonstration school , and julia went on to attend unley high school .
M	carlo expressed the will to return in barletta where he arrived in the second half of â 89 .
F	she was born in ã -- rebro .
F	capriati made her professional debut in 1990 at fourteen years old .
F	between 1842 and 1843 she translated an article by italian mathematician luigi menabrea on the engine .
F	she stayed until 1993 , when she went back to france .
F	after several days of exploration and evidently profitable sealing , wasp left the kerguelens on 1823 , sailing south and east to record her furthest eastern position at 64 â 52 's , 118 â 27 ' e on .
M	his grandson lord glendevon married the daughter of the english novelist w. somerset maugham .
F	in 1946 della casa sang the part of zdenka in richard strauss 's opera arabella in zã 1\/4 rich , and again the following year when she sang for the first time at the salzburg festival where she was to sing many times during her career .
M	his first race was at martinsville speedway .
M	as the siege continued , and food became ever more scarce , he wrote in his diary that he was reduced to `` eating the unknown . ''
M	other wikipedia editors asked essjay questions on his wikipedia talk page about the difference between his new wikia profile and his previously claimed credentials .
F	in 1925 she married laszlo radvanyi , a hungarian communist and joined later the communist party of germany -lrb- kpd -rrb- .
M	meanwhile hercules works on his farms , he sees his sons fighting and tells them that they should not fight .
F	in the film she is portrayed by kara and shelby hoffman .
M	in 1925 he received spain 's national prize for orchestra for his pieces cinco piezas infantiles -lrb- five children 's pieces -rrb- .
F	however , dna testing in 1994 on pieces of anderson 's tissue and hair showed that she was not related to the imperial family .
F	her parents were called otto emile plath and aurelia schober plath .
F	with another tribal council coming , kim was still seen as a weak player as well as lazy at camp , but she tried to shake things up when she tried to pull the other ulong girls to an alliance .
M	he plays for machida zelvia .
M	he was born in copenhagen , denmark , in 1885 .
F	it is decorated with a 32-centimetre-tall frieze of figures in relief representing dionysus surrounded by ariadne and her procession of satyrs and maenads .
F	she is notable for starring in the matrix trilogy .
M	he is pleased that tadzio does not let his mother notice what happened .
M	he attended the continental congress and served in political office until the end of his life .
F	sonya 's original name was sonya rizvi but was re-christened with the last name jehan to honor her grandmother , noor jehan , who is a legendary singer and lollywood actress .
F	she was also interested in the old songs of folklore .
F	in august 2009 , she and 2pm ex member jaebeom became part of historical culture variety show nodaji , replacing choi min yong and kim tae hyun .
F	her first teacher was alison dalrymple .
M	from 1947 until his retirement in 1970 , he was a professor at the university of california , berkeley , where he had numerous doctoral students .
F	in her novel pratibandi , sarojini has also described the thematic development of sexuality in a woman .
M	he made peace deals with the gaulish leaders and reached the rhã ne river .
F	in september 2010 , she published the book schaut nicht weg !
M	he then returned to asistencia asesorã a y administraciã n in a special event presented by the company .
M	the doctrinal decisions of the council are divided into decrees -lrb- decreta -rrb- , which contain the positive statement of the conciliar dogmas , and into short canons -lrb- canones -rrb- , which condemn the differing protestant views with the concluding `` anathema sit '' -lrb- `` let him be anathema '' -rrb- .
F	she was a keen self-taught naturalist and many of her nature articles were anthologised in 1986 .
M	then , he decided to study medicine .
M	to date , he remains the longest-serving prime minister of spain , after having served four successive mandates from 1982 to 1996 .
M	in november 2005 , following borat 's hosting of the mtv europe music awards in lisbon , kazakhstan 's foreign ministry said he was woried about the character .
F	she has worked for bbc news and itn .
M	he was accidentally shot by sanjar .
F	when gabrielle first meets the warrior princess , xena , she is a farm girl living in the village of potidaea .
M	along with anakin skywalker\/darth vader , r2-d2 , and c-3po , he is one of the few major characters to appear in all of the six star wars films .
F	mã l '' she receiving numerous offers to work in other movies , but she declined the offers , because she wanted to concentrate on finishing school .
F	she wrote many romance novels and adolescent girlsâ fiction .
F	in 1933 , gladys bought a house and brought norma jeane to live with her .
M	however , although direct taxation was levied by tynwald , the boards ' freedom of action before the 1960s was limited by the lieutenant governor 's control of the island 's budget and his power to appoint certain of their members .
M	he returned to the united states in 1866 and was appointed professor of vertebrate paleontology at yale university .
M	the second half of the record lists his service to private enterprise through the introduction of epochal ideas , such as quality control and market survey techniques .
F	she started writing when she was in her teens , although before this she had developed a love for writing which sapped her time for learning domestic skills from her mother .
M	joint rule with his uncle albert ii and his brothers albert iii and john ii until 1296 .
M	he also worked as a waterboy on the illinois central railroad .
M	he died in 1926 from peritonitis after his appendix was ruptured .
M	he won the formula renault 2000 eurocup and later german formula renault .
M	on his debut at the australian grand prix , he qualified fourth and finished third in the race .
M	all the groupe adviced aang to kill ozai , but aang refuses to kill it due to his pacifistic nature and non-violent upbringing , .
M	aaron dontez yates -lrb- born november 8 , 1971 in kansas city , missouri -rrb- is an american rapper better known by his stage name tech n9ne .
M	the players have a word for him .
M	he is generally considered a form of the hindu god vishnu or krishna .
M	purdue was founded on may 6 , 1869 , as a land-grant university , accepted a donation of land and money from lafayette businessman john purdue to establish a college of science , technology , and agriculture in his name .
F	coming out from a night club , the portside of cuba , she was tracked by the city video cameras part of her way .
M	dumbledore , who was dying from a slow-spreading curse , wanted to protect snape 's position within the death eaters and spare draco malfoy from completing voldemort 's task to murder him .
F	while going to new orleans , her mother died in 1820 .
F	she was also the sister of francis ii of france , charles iv of france and henry iii of france .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	she was born with the name justina kristina wã sselius .
M	vincent rijmen , in his ph.
F	her works also began to come out in histories of the english novel .
M	he married maria magdalena of austria and had eight children .
F	her son , prince hisahito , is the third in line to the throne under the current law of succession .
M	for example , mahler 's thematic motif `` der kleine appell '' -lrb- `` call to order '' -rrb- from his fourth and fifth symphonies is written in d minor in symphony no.
F	o'connor became involved with jed sura , an actor she met while filming enter in 2003 and later diamonds and guns in 2004 .
M	as a result , he is sometimes said to be the world 's first prime minister .
M	later he discovered that marsh had gone -- behind cope 's back and made a private agreement with vorhees : any fossils that vorhees 's men found were sent back to marsh at new haven .
F	she is an alumna of valley youth theatre .
F	her parents , john and moira , live in pasadena , south australia .
M	cena then grabbed his signature chain and attacked big show with it .
F	she coached many young women in the art of acting , including liane de pougy .
M	the morning post remembered him in articles titled , `` the man who saved india '' and `` he did his duty '' .
F	another code is about a 13 year old girl called ashley mizuki robbins who goes to an island called `` blood edward island '' , an island near washington after her dad sent her a package with a machine in it two days before her 14th birthday .
F	the telling is a 2000 science fiction book that was written by ursula k. le guin and is set in her fictional world called the hainish cycle .
M	while on 30 october 2002 , he was reportedly detained and manhandled by israeli authorities while crossing the allenby bridge .
M	he saw his first nhl action for the detroit red wings in the 1948 playoffs .
F	cable network and currently for the tv guide channel with her mother , comedian joan rivers .
F	up to the 5th century bc , the head was shown as being very ugly , with her tongue sticking out , boar tusks , puffy cheeks , her eyeballs staring straight ahead and the snakes twisting all around her .
F	she advertised the crypt , hoping `` to make enough money to pay off the $ 1.6 million mortgage '' on her beverly hills mansion .
F	she holds a phd on simone de beauvoir 's writings and life .
M	in 1997 , the legislation committee presented a proposal for a constitution to the prince and his cabinet .
M	the monkey managed to escape from the jellyfish by telling him that he had put his liver in a jar in the forest , and offered to go and get it .
M	when his father , john adams , was in europe , john quincy went with him as his secretary .
F	she returned to independence , missouri to live with her mother .
F	the right spelling of her name is ` kim yeona ' .
M	his parents were portuguese .
F	she lived , it was said , in the aegean that when she met a ship , she asked its sailors only one question : `` is king alexander alive ? ''
M	he lost the weight during training camp , but dieting left him weak while hitting .
M	as minister of state for foreign affairs , he played a part in the peace agreements between egyptian president anwar sadat and israeli prime minister menachem begin .
F	she has appeared in the sitcom ellen and is the host of the ellen degeneres show .
M	one of the most famous pieces in this key is his symphony no.
M	after serving briefly as professor of physics at dijon lycã e in 1848 , he became professor of chemistry at the university of strasbourg , where he met and courted marie laurent , daughter of the university 's rector , in 1849 .
F	during her time there , she was co-anchor of the show 's weekend update .
F	from 1911 on , rij-rousseau showed her works in salon d'automne , salon des indã pendants and salon tuileries .
M	his first novel , the carpet people , was published in 1971 .
F	she became the deputy leader of the scottish national party in 2004 and because alex salmond was still an mp , she was the snp 's leader in the scottish parliament until the 2007 scottish parliament election .
M	mellor made his first appearance on eastenders on 20 may , 2007 playing salesman warren stamp .
F	when she was a child , she worked together with her brother and her father to illustrate the books `` campus elysii '' and `` atlantica '' , by olof rudbeck , and when she was grown up , she started to work alone and illustrate papers and maps and other things .
F	she was married to agamemnon , king of mycenae .
M	stresemann hoped for an escalation of the polish crisis , which would enable germany to regain territories ceded to poland after world war i , and he wanted germany to gain a larger market for its products there .
F	after studying her ancestry , they think that her parents were not korean , but rather japanese .
M	he wrote a book in 2007 about his life , which is called my booky wook .
M	the most important idea in the thesis was his explanation that neither pure salts nor pure water is a conductor , but solutions of salts in water are .
F	at the same time , she earned a level four on all her spins .
F	she was the runner-up to taylor hicks on the fifth season of the television show american idol in 2006 .
M	when cromwell died , his son richard was not strong enough to rule , and king charles ii , the son of charles i , was invited to come to england and be king in 1660 .
M	he won the 1914 nobel prize in physiology or medicine , for his work on the ear and balance .
F	after about one year , she started writing her own songs .
F	when she failed to appear for work , 20th century fox suspended her .
M	according to his website , he went into hiding in tahiti for six years starting late 2000 and lived in taichung , taiwan .
F	probably what is most impressive , is that two episodes later she blocks an arrow in flight with her staff .
F	the album cover was photographed in black and white , because selena had dyed her hair jet black , the night before , and some of it was visible on her face .
M	when he was five , he was into motocross racing .
M	he printed his first poem â '' a patriotic and historical four stanza poem called `` the battle of lovell 's pond '' â '' in the portland gazette on november 17 , 1820 .
M	between 1924 and 1926 he traveled to greece , france , and italy .
M	it looks like he solved some problems of spherical trigonometry with the table .
F	she has been played by pam st. clement since 12 june 1986 .
F	caroline discovered eight comets , three nebulae and , at her brother 's suggestion , updated and corrected flamsteed 's work on the position of stars .
F	she works as a journalist and activist .
F	azula , zuko 's younger sister , and her two friends mai and ty lee pursue team avatar , who struggle to reach ba sing se , the earth kingdom capital , and tell the earth king of the eclipse .
M	he joined the group in 1962 as a replacement for their original drummer pete best .
F	geneviã ve bujold -lrb- born 1 july 1942 -rrb- is a canadian actress best known for her portrayal of anne boleyn in the 1969 film anne of the thousand days .
M	he also founded a chess club in saint petersburg and tried for many years to establish a chess association , an attempt that finally succeeded just a few years after his death .
M	five years later the family reunited in fresno , where his mother , takoohi , had obtained work in a cannery .
F	charles ' mother , marie josã phe , never recovered from the loss of her husband and she died in march 1767 from tuberculosis .
F	she discovered that chimps will systematically hunt and eat smaller primates such as colobus monkeys .
M	he was confirmed by the united states senate on december 14 , 2007 and sworn in at va headquarters by vice president dick cheney on december 20 .
M	however , he was not allowed to compete in the marathon .
M	percy rallies the demigods and many of his allies take part in the war , including the hunters of artemis and the party ponies .
M	he first married nola nicholas , daughter of an australian industrialist , and sister of hephzibah menuhin 's first husband .
M	fagan said that he hoped to `` teach hollywood a very expensive lesson . ''
M	immediately after coming to power , he built a fort at barkuru , on the west coast of present day karnataka .
M	he was made baron verulam in 1618 , and viscount st albans in 1621 .
M	he first recognized the significance of strata or rock layering , and the importance of fossil markers for correlating strata .
F	this arrangement did not last for long , as she was nearly sexually assaulted by a drunk doc goddard on at least one occasion .
F	the second place win was both bitter and sweet for balukas , because based on the award of prize money for placing at superstars -lrb- $ 13,100 -rrb- , she lost amateur standing .
F	she released her second album , feels like home in 2004 , which sold over a million copies in its first week of its release .
M	manson also made a point of drawing parallels with the beatles ' white album and the charles manson murders as particularly relevant to the album due to the issue of anti-mimesis -lrb- or life imitating art -rrb- , brought up in the wake of columbine since the white album was thought to have played a key role in the tate\/labianca murder case when news media reported that charles manson took inspiration from his misreading of the record , resulting in his infamous helter skelter manifesto .
F	she was baptised on 14 may 1940 at the naval church in copenhagen .
M	he was soon a frequent visitor to down house , and became the closest of darwin 's younger friends .
F	she believed they had the hemophilia gene , like their mother .
F	it was acquired by her late husband , sir angus ogilvy , on a lease from crown estate commissioners following their marriage .
M	he played his last tournament in 1999 in nova gorica reaching a shared 2nd position .
M	laureated in italian language and culture by icon and advanced studies diplomat in romance languages by the open university of catalonia , abel pardo wrote in cuentos de lleã n -lrb- 1996 -rrb- , cuentos del sil -lrb- 2006 -rrb- and `` el dialecto leonã s '' -lrb- 2006 -rrb- , when he collaborated with tales abut modern and ancient themes , and was the prologuer in the 2003 edition of braã as d'antanu ya xente d'anguanu .
M	his other works include a book of piã ces en trio -lrb- 1692 -rrb- and four operas -lrb- 1693-1709 -rrb- .
F	louis and mary thought it was female and named her cinderella , or cindy .
M	he was convicted of 11 united states federal offenses , and was sentenced to death and executed for his role in the april 19 , 1995 bombing .
M	he established the teaching method learning by teaching , a method for students to learn by teaching their peers .
M	wilson moved to the district in late 1836 with his wife and family .
F	anne marie gave her husband six children but also had two stillbirths of each gender one in 1691 and again in 1697 .
F	she has published ten anthologies of short stories .
F	she described austen as `` armed with a ` fine vein of feminine cynicism , ' ` full of subtle power , keenness , finesse , and self-restraint -lrb- control -rrb- , ' with an ` exquisite sense ' of the ` ridiculous , ' ' a fine stinging yet soft-voiced contempt , ' whose works are very ` calm and cold and keen ' '' .
F	renã e o'connor was chosen to play the role after she impressed producers with her role in the hercules television movie the lost kingdom .
F	she has been voted one of the most popular people in france , and has been compared to mother teresa .
F	the first two lines of the song are : `` the motherland hears , the motherland knows\/where her son flies in the sky '' .
F	she holds many records as a female singers .
F	after her husband 's death , she was known as queen elizabeth the queen mother so that she would not be confused with her daughter , queen elizabeth ii .
F	liu xia begged her husband to not participate in writing the document .
M	he is the son of jan johansson , jazz pianist , and brother of keyboardist jens johansson .
M	he fell to njpw wrestler shinjiro ohtani in the match but wcw went on to win the series .
M	napoleon made him king of holland on june 5 1806 .
M	hamilton 's pass gave him one more point than massa .
M	when hamlet 's father dies , his uncle claudius becomes king and marries hamlet 's mother -lrb- gertrude -rrb- .
M	in addition , he is the third youngest driver to achieve an f1 pole position , and the fourteenth f1 driver to achieve a podium finish on his debut .
M	wilson is then seen physically trying to stop taylor from leaving the room by grabbing his pant leg .
M	mills sued for assault , but le breton was set free because he was justified .
F	bathilde got her revenge in 1814 , when the people , seeing in her the mother of the `` martyr of vincennes , '' cheered her as she traveled the route back to paris .
F	she was elected in the 1997 general election .
F	some of her best known and loved characters are ramona quimby and her sister beatrice -lrb- `` beezus '' -rrb- , henry huggins , ralph s. mouse , and ribsy .
M	his discovery , printed in the geelong advertiser on 7 july 1851 , started the first gold rush in victoria .
F	hesiod rewrote her myth in works and days .
M	he translated campus stellae -lrb- 1999 -rrb- .
M	kwok has also done extensive public service and charity work , which is why he was amongst the winners of the ten most outstanding young persons award 2003 .
F	on 19 july 1810 , the queen died in her husband 's arms from an unidentified illness .
M	his book was mostly just a simplified book of dã 1\/4 rer 's own books , but his book was easier to use and cheaper than dã 1\/4 rer 's books , so artists preferred to buy his .
M	at the king 's palace , idomeneo asks arbace what he should do , because he has disobeyed the god .
F	though in many respects the governor-general is the queen 's representative , and exercises various constitutional powers in her name , they are also independently vested with many important constitutional powers by the constitution .
M	he plays for ryukyu .
M	kannada inscriptions of his time call him karnataka vidya vilas -lrb- master of great knowledge and skills -rrb- , bhashegetappuvarayaraganda -lrb- punisher of those feudatories who do not keep their promise -rrb- , arirayavibhada -lrb- fire to enemy kings -rrb- .
M	in 1978 , gerry adams became joint-vice-president of sinn fã in and he led a challenge to the sinn fã in leadership of president ruairã ã `` brã daigh and joint-vice president dã ithã ã `` conaill .
M	the battle of leipzig was a battle between napoleon i and his army and an allied force of several nations .
F	as well , she has written books on her own , such as bloodline and reckoning .
M	the gukanshå records that suinin he ruled from the palace of tamaki-no-miya at makimuku in what will come to be known as yamato province .
M	on the ides of march , 44 bc , cassius urged on his fellow liberators and struck caesar in the face .
M	while some scholars point to frege 's negative review of the philosophy of arithmetic , this did not turn husserl towards platonism , because he had already discovered the work of bernhard bolzano around 1890\/91 and explicitly mentioned bolzano , leibniz and lotze as inspirations for his newer position .
F	as a result of her advantage , danni won the immunity challenge .
F	she was born in 1692 and died in 1712 .
F	she followed that up with the cheerleader comedy bring it on with kirsten dunst .
F	she is the member of parliament -lrb- mp -rrb- for chipping barnet and the minister of state for transport .
M	with the psychedelic and eastern sound , the song also reminds of george harrison achievements like `` within you without you '' and also some of his solo work .
M	tadzio starts to walk separately from his family .
F	she got the library of congress living legends award in the `` writers and artists '' area in april 2000 for her additions to america 's cultural history .
F	she has four older brothers , two younger brothers , and a sister .
M	bruce 's `` zen garden '' caused problems at casaya and aras felt he should have been helping with camp chore .
F	isolde , however , thinks that melot is tristanâ s best friend , and , desperate to see tristan , she puts out the flames .
F	longfellow had her body embalmed immediately and placed into a lead coffin inside an oak coffin which was then shipped to mount auburn cemetery near boston .
F	the younger sister of alyona bondarenko , she was born in kryvyi rih , ukraine , then part of the soviet union .
F	she served as the collegeâ s librarian until 1907 , and introduced the dewey decimal system to the library .
M	tacitus may have used him for some of the more antiquarian passages in his annals .
F	it began with the young anastasia nicholaievna and her family being sent to yekaterinburg , where they are killed by bolshevik soldiers .
F	her regency officially ended in 1680 but she maintained power for four years until her son banished her from further influence in the state .
F	fey 's projects after 2008 include her giving her voice to the character lisa in the english language version of the japanese animated film ponyo on the cliff by the sea -lrb- titled ponyo for its u.s. release -rrb- .
F	grand duke vladimir alexandrovich of russia called her `` the amiable -lrb- good-hearted -rrb- baby '' .
F	she went on tour with the oyster band .
F	cobol language was based very much on her philosophy .
M	he was born in chingford in england , united kingdom .
F	her boss is the city 's chief medical examiner , played by ryan .
F	in 1925 , she married ralph barton , an american caricaturist , and moved to manhattan , new york .
F	she died on august 25 , 2001 in a plane crash in the bahamas .
F	she found that , â it isnâ t only human beings who have personality , who are capable of rational thought -lrb- and -rrb- emotions like joy and sorrowâ .
M	he succeeded his older brother francesco i.
F	samus aran goes to a planet called sr388 when the galactic federation told her to exterminate the metroids that live on it .
M	after this he started going to lake forest academy .
M	hercules take the torch to chiron 's house and asks him to step inside a circle of straw .
M	griffey junior played for the seattle mariners , cincinnati reds , and the chicago white sox before his retirement in 2010 .
M	this was a famous dance hall built by his grandfather vã clav havel .
F	she had played bernice on boys & girls guide to getting down recently in 2006 .
F	fitzgerald had her first job as a singer when she was 17 , on november 21 , 1934 at the harlem opera house in harlem , new york .
M	he plays for bayer leverkusen and germany national team .
F	she playing the character kendall hart , the long-lost daughter of character erica kane -lrb- susan lucci -rrb- .
M	goku and frieza are an even match for awhile , until frieza reveals that he had only been fighting at a mere fraction of his full power .
M	he trained many of those who would go on voyages of discovery for england .
F	eagar remarked that maria loved her father deeply .
M	-rrb- but in his books , nietzsche said that people needed to create their own morals to get over nihilism .
F	it was named after leda , who was a lover of zeus , the greek equivalent of jupiter -lrb- who came to her in the form of a swan -rrb- .
M	in macedonia he had almost certainly viewed the traditional tomb of orpheus .
M	he then went on to score in celtic 's 1 -- 0 champions league win against copenhagen from the penalty spot and scored two in the 3 -- 0 win over benfica .
F	on february 25 , she won the free skate with a score of 150.06 points , 18.34 points more than asada , who also came in second place .
M	when he was asked what the most important part of mechanism design is , he said welfare economics .
M	at the time ; victor hugo was traveling with his mistress in the south of france .
M	mata nui then teams up with a few glatorian to defeat the combined forces of the skrall and bone hunters , two major threats to the villages , and look for a way to return to his body .
M	u.s. president barack obama said he was ready to help .
M	he was pope clement ii .
M	after the seventh book , rowling commented that harry has the ultimate character strength , being able to do what even voldemort can not : he is not afraid of death .
M	later that year , after he complained about a lot of physical problems , his doctors diagnosed robinson with diabetes .
F	the female inserts her ovipositor into the maleâ s brood pouch and deposits dozens to thousands of eggs .
F	the single reached # 3 in the uk becoming her third top three hit in a row .
M	when victor amadeus came to the throne in 1773 he started working on bureaucratic and military aspects of the reign .
F	she sang `` my happy ending '' and `` girlfriend '' .
M	he grew up in hampstead , north london .
M	as president of the canadian amateur hockey association -lrb- caha -rrb- , he helped bring amateur hockey teams to europe for tours .
M	in 1938 , republican people 's party gave him `` national chief '' and `` everlasting chairman '' titles .
F	her solo debut album , letoya , topped the u.s.
M	when the white army was defeated , he said , `` the battle for russia has not ceased , it has merely taken on new forms '' .
M	pollard later said about the loss of his horses that `` it was a nightmare when they were wiped out .
F	she also played alma on pop tarts in 1999 .
F	her first concert was a classical piano recital , when she was twelve .
M	as a result , belmont postponed his departure to havana and began august belmont & company , believing that he could supplant the recently bankrupt firm , the american agency .
F	in the 1960s , cadigan and a childhood girlfriend `` invented a whole secret life in which we were twins from the planet venus , '' she told national public radio .
F	she was born in nevada city , california in 1982 .
M	he was the member of parliament for the stalybridge and hyde constituency in the united kingdom from the elected in the 2001 general election until he retired at the 2010 general election .
F	alexander was also a friend of her brother nicholas .
F	after an extended break , piper decided to end her pop career in 2003 and return to her first ambition , acting .
F	she hosts the suze orman show on cnbc .
F	prior to filming , olivier praised monroe as `` a brilliant comedienne , which to me means she is also an extremely skilled actress '' .
M	thucydides heard some of these speeches himself but some of the speeches he wrote without knowing exactly what was really spoken .
F	garcia caused an upset in the quarterfinals as she upset the number four seed khromacheva in straight sets .
F	she began to study psychology but ended her studies before the end because she â could not find what she was looking forâ .
F	puja gupta wants to be a writer and her hobbies are yoga , writing , horse riding and drawing .
F	schiff won the 2000 pulitzer prize for her biography of vera nabokov , wife and muse of lolita and pale fire author vladimir nabokov .
F	she also said that the war is very talked about `` in uninformed and unimaginative ways , '' and that the war is as important to the people today as it was in her book .
F	she is also the only woman to be a part of clockwork orange house of fun matches .
M	by april 2009 , fred 's youtube subscription page had over one million subscribers , making him the most subscribed person on youtube .
F	in 1943 , she worked as an instructor at the vasquez factory .
M	he played for the chicago black hawks , oakland seals , cleveland barons , and st. louis blues .
F	duff wrote or co-wrote several songs on two of her sister hilary 's albums , metamorphosis -lrb- 2003 -rrb- , hilary duff -lrb- 2004 -rrb- and the song , `` gypsy woman '' , on hilary 's 4th album , dignity .
M	a native of port arthur , ontario , wilson did not even know how to skate when he joined the town 's church league in 1914 .
M	cherubino leaves that hiding place just in time , and jumps onto the chair while susanna scrambles to cover him with a dress .
M	he thought of the idea of a universal language , proposing a modification of the english language .
F	kane grew up in phoenix , arizona , where she attended mohave middle school .
F	during her tenure she criticised the irish system of permits for non-eu immigrants , and criticised the united states ' use of capital punishment .
F	between 1791 and 1806 she was a premier-dancer at the royal swedish opera in stockholm .
F	she is the daughter of indonesia 's first president , sukarno .
M	he is the son of writer tom whedon and the brother of writer-producer-director joss whedon .
M	austin followed up by pulling down michaels ' trunks revealing his rear .
M	he ended up smoking after having to stop for a long time .
M	starä eviä subsequently proclaimed he was the author , but gaj , who cared to maintain good relations with serbia , distanced himself from his friend .
M	he played for the new york rangers and chicago black hawks in the 1960s and 1970 's .
F	most of their servants usually called anastasia by her first name instead of calling her `` her imperial highness '' .
F	duval had been very angry with her daughter caroline , evelina 's mother , when she ran away with sir john belmont .
F	she spends a few hours in the home of the faun , mr. tumnus , who tells her about jadis , the white witch , and how she cursed narnia into being only winter for one hundred years .
M	after defeating daroach , the mouse hands over the treasure chest he believes to contain kirby 's cake .
F	her father , l. nelson bell , worked as a surgeon there .
M	together with pianist john ogdon and conductor elgar howarth , he formed the new music manchester group , which put on performances of modern music , especially music using serialism .
M	william smith was a laborer and part-time baptist preacher who died before his daughter was old enough to remember him .
F	haughey 's successors as taoiseach , albert reynolds -lrb- fianna fã il : 1992-94 -rrb- , john bruton -lrb- fine gael : 1994-97 -rrb- and bertie ahern -lrb- fianna fã il :1997 - -rrb- never hid their admiration of her work .
M	guitarist pee wee crayton divided his time between los angeles and san francisco , while lowell fulson , from texas by way of oklahoma , moved to oakland .
M	however , the player can capture pieces on his home box .
M	he gets wozzeck out of bed to fight with him .
M	during his time as a black dragon , park earned top marksmanship decorations in every long-range category , as well as scuba and parachute qualifications .
F	another 10 episodes later , she displays immensely impressive skills with the staff , taking on numerous soldiers single-handedly , in the attempts to rescue xena 's presumably dead body .
F	she was the first housemate to be voted out , on 9 january -lrb- day 8 -rrb- with 57 % of the public vote .
M	he is buried in the yass cemetery .
F	she wrote and revised three important novels and began a fourth .
M	in 1988 , lefebvre made four new bishops to continue his work with the sspx .
F	she often calls her fans `` little monsters '' .
F	in the same year , cheung launched her singing career with her first c-pop album any weather .
F	she was a candidate in the 2008 election of a new president .
M	napoleon occupied the palace , while his troops camped nearby .
M	over time , longfellow 's popularity rapidly declined , beginning shortly after his death and into the 20th century as academics began to appreciate poets like walt whitman , edwin arlington robinson , and robert frost .
F	in her pre-marital stage , she was thinking that it was boring to live with a man life-long .
M	he identified several different kinds of names .
F	in february 2011 she performed for the grammy 's musicares benefit in los angeles , california .
F	on 4 september 1725 , she married louis xv of france .
M	he plays for manchester city and france national team .
M	between 1970 and 1973 , he was the principal conductor of the vienna symphony orchestra .
M	he eventually received the backing of isabella i and ferdinand ii , queen and king of newly united spain .
M	in his memoirs , alexander strekotin , one of the guards at the ipatiev house , called anastasia `` very friendly and full of fun '' .
M	he graduated from tenafly high school in tenafly , new jersey in 1968 , and then studied at harvard university where he received his a.b.
F	before that , she was a member of the united states house of representatives .
F	she was born 7 august 1975 .
F	in 2000 , elizabeth holloway married george `` jug '' twitty , a prominent alabama businessman , and natalee moved with her family to mountain brook , alabama .
M	likewise , the mandaeans believe that abraham , moses , and muhammad were false prophets , but recognize other prophetic figures from the monotheistic traditions , such as adam , his sons hibil -lrb- abel -rrb- and å itil -lrb- seth -rrb- , and his grandson anuå -lrb- enosh -rrb- , as well as nuh -lrb- noah -rrb- , his son sam -lrb- shem -rrb- and his son ram -lrb- aram -rrb- .
F	she was born june 8 , 1970 .
M	he founded the province of manitoba and was a leader of the mã tis people of the canadian prairies .
F	she met a drummer and bandleader called chick webb here .
M	he graduated french language at hacettepe university .
F	in 1793 , she married a french exile , general alexandre d'arblay .
F	she was born march 24 , 1974 in washington dc .
F	she has won two emmy awards , a golden globe award and two academy awards .
F	besides her burlesque dancing , her affair with governor earl long of the state of louisiana got her more popularity .
F	she was the second daughter of otto frank -lrb- 1889 -- 1980 -rrb- , a german businessman , and edith frank-holl ã nder -lrb- 1900 -- 45 -rrb- .
F	three months later , she released a brand new single , `` kimi wo omå '' -lrb- å ã æ ã , `` kimi wo omå '' -rrb- .
M	he plays for grã mio .
F	she has played 56 games in the olympiads , never losing a single game .
M	on his way , momotarå met and became friends with a talking dog , monkey , and pheasant , who agreed to help him in his mission .
M	he often composed music for the court of burgundy , and he met many younger composers who were becoming famous , such as busnois , ockeghem , tinctoris , and loyset compã re .
M	he married margrethe nã rlund in 1912 .
M	he gave the first performance of antonã n dvoå ã k 's ninth symphony `` from the new world . ''
M	the next section , consisting of 8 bars of a slow melody sung in pianissimo , describes the feelings of the wanderer : he feels that he is a stranger everywhere .
M	so he had experience enough to write novels and short stories about empire and navy .
F	she finished the school and took a job with the a local newspaper in vimmerby .
F	baniszewski , two of her children , paula and john , and two neighborhood youths , coy hubbard and richard hobbs , were charged and convicted of the crime .
M	a section of the guard may have planned to seek out claudius , perhaps with his approval .
F	the daughter of politician alex herman and schoolteacher gloria caponis , alexis grew up a catholic home in mobile and earned her high school diploma in 1965 from the heart of mary high school .
F	hahn signed with deutsche grammophon in 2003 after her contract with sony expired in 2002 .
M	an amateur astronomer and post office employee , hencke was looking for 4 vesta when he stumbled on astraea .
M	he was awarded the nobel prize in physics in 2006 for his work on cobe satellite with george smoot .
F	the eldest daughter of philip v of spain and elisabeth farnese , she was engaged to the young louis xv of france at the age of seven .
F	then she released her first longplay album `` yaä mur duasä '' in 1981 .
M	during his period in the foreign ministry , stresemann came more and more to accept the republic , which he had at first rejected .
F	she won her second international contest at the golden bear of zagreb .
M	in 1920 he joined the nsdap .
F	the truth about tyler 's paternity did not become public until 1991 , when she changed her name from rundgren to tyler , but kept the old one as a middle name .
M	as they arrive at the ice show , leo , the actor portaying `` reptar '' , shows his outrage at the theme of the show manager , harry , how he questions why he chose to the play the part due to his dislike of children , lizards , and his inability to the ice skate .
M	the overall plot of the show is to fill in any of the gaps that may exist between the version of hercules : the legendary journeys and the episodes that transpire from his young adult life , although very loosely due to its continuity errors by neglecting the young hercules movie and the flashback episodes of the fourth season of hercules .
F	she was later canonized as a martyr by the russian orthodox church outside russia in 1981 for being hurt by the soviet .
M	he was then the last adult male of his family .
M	following the most serious , a slander suit he won against a former business partner , townspeople burned him in effigy in front of his house as peggy and the children watched .
F	they manage to escape and start to run , but sidney stops when she realizes she can find out who the killer is .
F	moyet 's pop career began in 1981 when she formed the electropop group yazoo with former depeche mode member vince clarke .
F	in this game , bowser has kidnapped princess toadstool after she , mario , and luigi had a vacation in dinosaur land .
M	this is his own version of haiku .
M	in 44 bc he became praetor peregrinus with the promise of the syrian province for the ensuing year .
F	she is known for roles in the films catch that kid , panic room , zathura , in the land of women , adventureland , into the wild , the messengers , twilight and the twilight saga : new moon .
F	however , vachon simple ran around the outside of the ring with sable chasing her and tagged her partner back in .
M	he played shortstop and catcher on the baseball team , quarterback on the football team , and guard on the basketball team .
M	queensberry was found not guilty , as the court declared that his accusation that wilde was `` posing as a sodomite '' was justified , `` true in substance and in fact '' .
F	bart , jealous of lisa 's new popularity , shows her new friends that lisa is not cool .
M	however , his earnestness and determination remain the same .
M	he won a spot in the elimination chamber .
M	he made up the story of how percy traveled across the united states to search for zeus ' master bolt .
M	in 2006 , hager had a wwe tryout in deep south wrestling , and in september 2006 , hager made his in-ring debut for deep south wrestling defeating antonio mestre in a dark match .
F	although not credited , this makes her technically the youngest person ever whose vocal appeared on a number one song .
M	he plays for tenerife .
M	marco polo is believed to have crossed the pamir mountains on his way to china .
M	he also was on team usa at the 2006 world junior championships .
F	her irish nurse , margaretta eager , who was talking about politics with a friend , did not even notice .
M	in the book he criticized the company for neglecting his pleas for reinforcement .
F	artemis leaves her hunters to be escorted to camp half-blood by percy , grover , and thalia .
F	at the end of the season she won two gold medals at the 2007 world single distance speed skating championships in salt lake city on 3,000 m and 5,000 m tracks .
M	he returned from treatment in june 2006 , playing in the 37th chess olympiad .
F	she has extensive experience with the united nations in political affairs and peacekeeping .
F	in my first signs , rachel was not going to be in the videos , but she was added to show the signs because alex and leah -lrb- who were 3 and 4 then -rrb- could not sign clearly enough all the time to teach viewers the signs .
F	lilo wants to win the may day hula contest like her mother did in the 1970s , but stitch continues to have problems .
M	he also remarked that lee is `` an increasingly self-righteous know-all '' , surrounded by `` department store dummies '' .
M	in kirk , cameron played kirk hartman , a 24-year-old who has to raise his siblings .
F	she was fired in 1913 .
F	they worked a lot together , and they were married on 19 october 1953 in epsom , surrey ; schwarzkopf now had british citizenship because of her marriage to an englishman .
M	a dog of flanders was written in 1872 by english author marie louise de la ramã e. its about a dog named patrasche who ends up living with an artist named nello and his grandfather , jeehan daas .
M	his father , a councillor to duke guillaume iv of hainault , had a job in a church in mons .
M	masetto and his friends arrive , looking for giovanni .
M	he started the band in 1988 in cleveland , ohio , usa .
M	during this time , his duties were done by metropolitan amfilohije .
F	she was born in schenectady , new york , and grew up in fitchburg , massachusetts .
M	he plays for fiorentina and italy national team .
M	he wrote it , so what the hell , he 's going to sing it . ''
M	he wrote to the governor of pennsylvania , andrew gregg curtin , asking that a national cemetery be supported by the states .
F	medical doctor mae carol jemison , astronaut -lrb- born 17 october 1956 -rrb- became the first african-american woman to enter space when she served on the crew of the space shuttle endeavor in september 1992 .
F	throughout 2008 , mirza was plagued by a slew of wrist injuries , requiring her to withdraw from several matches and the roland garros and us open grand slams .
F	astrid lindgren was well known both for her support for children 's and animal rights , and for her opposition to corporal punishment .
M	he was nicknamed `` the diesel '' .
F	she made her first speech to the house on 11 november 1998 .
F	she stayed on for the rest of the third season and returned for a two-part appearance in season four .
M	for his political activity and literary work , starä eviä is commonly called father of the nation -lrb- otac domovine -rrb- in croatia .
M	before he finished the mural , people saw that there was an image of vladimir lenin and other communist images in it .
F	she is by far the strongest female chess player in history , p312 yet she has never played in the women 's world chess championship .
M	after he got his ph.
M	the next season was his first in the nhl , playing for the montreal maroons .
F	on 3 december 2009 the australian labor party caucus elected keneally to replace nathan rees as leader of the parliamentary party and she became the first woman premier of the state of new south wales .
M	unter den linden at the heart of the historic section of berlin developed from a bridle path laid out by elector john george of brandenburg in the 16th century to reach his hunting grounds in the tiergarten .
M	the marriage ended when he returned from overseas in 1946 .
F	by that time , the gorgon had lost her tusks and the snakes were rather stylized .
M	however , after billie joe armstrong -lrb- who was in green day at the time -rrb- declined , frederiksen changed his mind and decided to join rancid .
M	his small army army was not big enough to defend the islands from the qing .
M	he also competed in the formula vauxhall junior championship in great britain .
M	he discovered how the observed variation in manufacturing data did not always behave the same way as data in nature -lrb- for example , brownian motion of particles -rrb- .
M	he plays for lokomotiv moscow and ghana national team .
M	he learned to sign as a baby so that he could communicate with his deaf cousin , leah .
M	spurgeon 's wife was often too sick to leave their home to hear him preach .
F	although usually credited as sarah silverman , she is sometimes credited by her nickname , big s. her satirical comedy addresses social taboos and controversial topics such as racism , sexism , and religion .
M	he honors the dead 's sacrifice : `` thus choosing to die resisting , rather than to live submitting , they fled only from dishonor , but met danger face to face '' .
M	during his time in kabul , for example , he wrote restaurant reviews for a local english-language magazine .
M	he is the presenter of 8 out of 10 cats on channel 4 and has presented other tv shows on the same channel .
M	he is and was the son of conway berners-lee and mary lee woods .
F	it was believed , but had not been proven , that she suffered from a rare heart condition called long qt syndrome .
F	her first music album was released in june 2000 , the self-titled yanzi , published by warner music .
F	she has a reality television series called keeping up with the kardashians .
F	she employed the great architect ineni , who also had worked for her father , her husband , and for the royal vizier senemut .
M	on december 8 , 2008 , president barack obama announced that he would pick retired army general eric shinseki to be the secretary of veterans affairs .
M	orton asked mysterio to put his title shot on the line in a match at no way out .
M	he also acted in many other television series over the years including : s.w.a.t.
F	chihiro is informed by a young apprentice named haku that she must get a job by asking the boiler man , kamaji .
M	by then he had a small farm near carlisle , pennsylvania , was handling cases in eight local counties , and was lecturing at the academy and college of philadelphia .
M	after robinson 's retirement from baseball , his wife , rachel robinson , went for a career in academic nursing .
M	, when he said talked abou the injuries he got when the big show chokeslammed angle off a ledge .
F	she is currently a united supreme court justice , having been confirmed by the united states senate on august 5 , 2010 .
M	when rvd won the match he merged the two titles together , and continued to hold the intercontinental title .
F	she was reunited with delon for the film la piscine in 1969 , and from then on the rest of her career was mostly spent in france , notable films included ; les choses de la vie -lrb- 1970 -rrb- , max et les ferrailleurs -lrb- 1971 -rrb- , le trio infernal -lrb- 1974 -rrb- , le vieux fusil -lrb- 1975 -rrb- , la banquiã re -lrb- 1980 -rrb- , la passante du sans-souci -lrb- 1981 -rrb- .
F	she was the daughter of a rich man who had a business making sewing machines .
M	he has been compared to homer , virgil , dante , cervantes or shakespeare .
M	he wrote : '' ... it is impossible to imagine a worse country '' .
F	`` when she died she was only sixteen years old , '' anastasia wrote .
F	at the death of her brother , louis alexandre de bourbon , prince de lamballe , she became the wealthiest heiress in france .
F	beginning in 1990 , television and radio stations play her song `` kawa no nagare no yå ni '' on her birthdate each year to show respect .
M	he served in the shadow cabinets of iain duncan smith and michael howard .
F	van der sloot related that they drove holloway to the california lighthouse area of arashi beach because holloway wanted to see sharks , before dropping holloway off at her hotel around 2:00 a.m. .
M	he proved himself to be an exceptional all-around player who possessed size , toughness , and playmaking ability , as well as the ability to play both at center and on the wing .
M	he drove recklessly through the streets of nairobi , often reading and writing as he drove .
M	in his application for membership to the nazi-party nsdap he wrote in 1938 : `` i 'm able to say that my whole scientific work is devoted to the ideas of the national socialists . ''
M	in 2008 , he won a gold medal with the united states national team at the olympics in beijing .
M	next he moved to rome , where he worked for the grand duke of tuscany , who had a large household there .
F	during the 1970s and 1980s she had many top ten hits .
M	jazzy , matt 's cousin from hawaii comes to spend the summer with matt and his mother .
M	yet his etchings and paintings were popular throughout his lifetime , and his reputation as an artist remained high .
F	she won a halloween costume contest on october 30 and defeated jillian hall in a $ 1,000 match on november 12 .
F	her older sister is actress alyson michalka .
F	samael is said to have married lilith after she left adam .
F	greene agreed that she could earn more by leaving 20th century fox .
F	when she was still married to monroe , she started a romantic relationship with trumpeter joe guy , who was also her drug dealer .
M	bernini died in 1680 in his 82nd year .
F	her funeral service was attended by singers miriam makeba and patti labelle , poet sonia sanchez , actor ossie davis and hundreds of other people .
M	he plays for ventforet kofu .
F	unlike her sisters , she also liked school work .
F	in the final mestach defeated puig in straight sets to win her first junior grand slam title .
F	she had even furnished an apartment in oslo , but the affair was quickly forgotten when larsen was sentenced to five months hard labor in sweden for stealing money from a young woman .
F	she is best known for her role as corky sherwood on murphy brown and as hope in the television series , hope & faith .
M	and we may be quite sure , that as `` he knew what was in man '' better than we know , he would not have taught by parables , if he had not felt that this was the kind of teaching best suited to our wants .
F	she released her single born this way on 11 february 2011 .
M	; matt cameron active : 1986 â `` 1997 instruments : drums release contributions : all soundgarden releases from screaming life -lrb- 1987 -rrb- to a-sides -lrb- 1997 -rrb- by september 1986 , matt cameron had gained so much notoriety in the local seattle music scene that he was chosen to play for soundgarden , replacing drummer scott sundquist .
M	in the same year , he competed in the 2nd czw tournament of death where he lost to nick mondo in a deathmatch involving light tubes , and the 5th iwa mid-south king of the deathmatch where he lost to mad man pondo after defeating 2 tuff tony , necro butcher and ian rotten .
M	in a flashback during `` the storm '' , aang remembered the day when elder monks told him that he was the avatar .
M	he plays for vegalta sendai .
M	blaise pascal -lrb- 1623 - 1662 -rrb- was a french mathematician whose mother died when he was 3 years old .
M	in 1826 , he was elected to the united states house of representatives .
M	he was 21 years old .
M	he plays for manchester city and england national team .
M	after two years in the minors , he finally cracked the nhl with the detroit red wings .
M	using a powder compact , he created a small house for the very small doll .
M	the word `` kangaroo '' was a guugu yimithirr word for the animal which cook wrote down in his diary .
M	and when paul arrives in jerusalem to deliver the money he raised for the faithful there , it is to james that he speaks , and who insists that paul ritually cleanse himself at herod 's temple to prove his faith and deny rumors of teaching rebellion against the torah -lrb- 21:18 ff -rrb- -lrb- a charge of antinomianism -rrb- .
F	scene 1 -lrb- invention on a theme -rrb- : in her room at night , marie reads to herself from the bible .
M	he worked as a security guard sometimes .
F	katona won the 1999 u.s. goldman environmental prize because she protected her country and culture against uranium mining .
F	she finally turned herself in in 1980 .
F	she was attacked by the mob in a narrow street and was beaten and left wounded .
F	she is best known for her roles in the films crossing delancey , the fury , carrie , and yentl .
F	just before she died , magda killed their six children with poison .
M	his parents , nathra and rose nader , were lebanese immigrants .
M	while kullervo cuts the bread his knife hits the stone and breaks .
F	born in a theatrical family , her father was actor sir michael redgrave -lrb- 1908-1985 -rrb- and her mother was actress rachel kempson -lrb- 1910-2003 -rrb- .
M	he joined the wasg on 18 june 2005 and was selected to head their list for the 2005 federal election in north rhine-westphalia on the same day .
M	although he was politically conservative , he carried out numerous administrative reforms until declaring war on revolutionary france in 1792 .
F	she set a new world record of 72.24 points in the short program .
F	however , when she applied for a passport , she wanted her name written as ` yun-a ' , but the official made a mistake and wrote her name as ` yu-na ' .
F	when she was 15 , lady mary became betrothed to her first cousin , the protestant william , prince of orange .
M	in 2003 , he won a grammy award for his song `` your body is a wonderland '' .
M	he was given a knighthood in 1988 and was made a companion of honour in 2000 .
F	she was given a scholarship from the venezuelan government to study in the usa .
F	helseth began playing trumpet when she was seven years old and stuides at the barratt due institute of music in oslo .
F	mcdaniel is probably best known for her role as mammy in the 1939 movie , gone with the wind where she won a academy award for best supporting actress making her the first african-american to win a academy award .
M	he decides to investigate .
F	exactly two months after `` hakanaku tsuyoku '' , younha went back to her home country to release her first korean album entitled ê ë í ê ì cents ì ë -lrb- go baek ha gi jo eun nal , translated `` the perfect day to say i love you '' or literally translated `` good day to confess '' -rrb- .
M	said brian holm , his directeur sportif .
F	she was named after her mother , while her two middle names are those of her father 's grandmother , queen alexandra , and her grandmother , queen mary .
M	peter has a special `` hippo hurricane holler '' that helps him blow away his enemies .
F	she and four other girls , sarah harding , nicola roberts , kimberley walsh , and nadine coyle won the competition .
M	when his duty is over , he can still be called `` grammarian '' .
M	usually the term is attributed to sã ren kierkegaard , even though he never really used it .
F	her present role started in january 2005 , when she joined the cast of the young and the restless replacing joan van ark in the role of gloria fisher .
M	miller released lots of swamp blues recordings on his own labels , as well as on more well known labels .
F	at the 2006 survivor series james defeated lita to win her second women 's championship .
M	dodd continued to work as athletic director which he had first been hired as in 1950 .
F	she is the daughter of henry fonda , who was an actor .
F	james won the match to become the women 's champion for her first time .
F	it is stolen by her immortal brothers as a prank , deimos and phobos -lrb- gods of terror and fear respectively -rrb- .
M	he ran for president of the united states in 1996 , 2000 , and 2008 , and was a republican nominee for the u.s. senate in 1988 , 1992 , and 2004 .
M	in 1479 he went to the convent of santa maria degli angeli .
M	then mansell spun but at the same time senna got a puncture that let to him retiring in the pits 4 laps before the end and allowing berger to get third and close in to mansell .
M	caprivi was told that he would take over from bismarck if bismarck did not do what the kaiser wanted .
M	next , he tried being as a full-time author for four years .
M	he plays for urawa red diamonds .
M	he gave first performances of pieces by composers such as darius milhaud , paul hindemith and arnold schoenberg .
F	in august 1824 , charlotte was sent with three of her sisters to the clergy daughters ' school at cowan bridge in lancashire .
F	as her manager , stroud was also in charge of simone 's income .
F	after that , she got a part in another soap opera , all my children .
F	her be-bop recording of `` oh , lady be good ! ''
F	nominally raised as a christian , she converted to judaism before marrying miller .
M	he was the 1983 nascar winston cup champion .
F	she was the only fashion designer to be named on time magazine 's 100 most influential people of the 20th century .
M	jorge manrique -lrb- c. 1440 -- 1479 -rrb- was a major spanish poet , whose main work , the coplas a la muerte de su padre -lrb- stanzas about the death of his father -rrb- , is still read today .
M	while there , he worked on designs for a reusable spacecraft .
M	during his ascension day sermon on may 4 , 1497 , groups of young men rioted in the streets , people began singing and dancing , and the taverns reopened .
F	she continued to wrestle with the gathering when they feuded with the disciples of the new church .
M	for several years he was a member of the national-democratic party -lrb- stronnictwo narodowo-demokratyczne -rrb- and the national party -lrb- stronnictwo narodowe -rrb- , which went with several other organizations to form the league of polish families -lrb- liga polskich rodzin , lpr -rrb- in 2001 .
M	according to his student johann weyer , in the book de praestigiis daemonum , agrippa died in grenoble , in 1535 .
M	nero was the adopted son of his grand-uncle claudius .
M	during his junior year , he met jim ross , who was then world wrestling entertainment 's head of talent relations , and ross encouraged hager to contact him after graduating .
M	he had only just finished school .
F	her father then entered her in a little miss america pageant where chase won the national vocal competition .
M	he also provided information on a proposed french-american invasion of quebec that was to go up the connecticut river .
F	she received a note from the manager of drury lane saying that her services would not be required .
M	he won two national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- championships with the houston rockets .
F	turner is a rock and roll hall of fame inductee , and she is also represented in the grammy hall of fame by two of her recordings : `` river deep - mountain high '' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and `` proud mary '' -lrb- 2003 -rrb- .
M	plans were made for his lying-in-state and state funeral , but to the surprise of everyone he survived , albeit paralysed and having to use a wheelchair .
F	she has recorded songs in over eight languages .
F	`` flamingo fatality '' won the great manhattan mysteries conclave short story anthology contest in 2005 , and her 2005 short story `` lucky bear '' was first in the storyteller magazine flash fiction contest .
F	she was the first living author to have her works published by the library of america .
F	she has received seven emmy awards , three golden globe awards , four screen actors guild awards , and four writers guild of america awards .
M	he was well-known for giving an education to the children under his care , so much that sometimes he was accused of giving the poor more then they should be given .
F	this was an animated musical adaptation of the story of anastasia 's fictional -lrb- not real -rrb- escape from russia and how she tried to be recognized .
F	she played the role of `` tess tyler '' in the disney channel movie camp rock .
M	he criticizes the song for being the latest , `` high-profile message to young women and men that our sexuality is a malleable commodity that can be reshaped at will . ''
F	eventually , after tumultuous applause from the pit , the curtain reopened and siddons was discovered sitting in her own clothes and character - whereupon she made an emotional farewell speech to the audience lasting eight minutes .
F	anastasia 's older sister , maria , is said to have hemorrhaged in december 1914 during an operation to remove her tonsils .
M	he was president of germany from 1984 to 1994 .
M	he received his ph.
M	since his wife 's death in 2002 , zarakolu continues to face further prosecutions .
F	billboard 200 albums chart in july 2006 and was certified platinum by the riaa in december 2006 , the album spawned five singles , two were released with promotional purpose , to see the audience reaction towards her , but `` torn '' would be her most notable song , it achieved records on bet 's top ten countdown show 106 & park .
M	he was called `` the king of swing '' , `` patriarch of the clarinet '' , `` the professor '' , and `` swing 's senior statesman '' .
M	parma was ruined by many years of warfare , and in 1759 philip named the abled frenchmen guillaume du tillot as his minister to restore the economy .
F	however , after finding out that princess kiko was pregnant with her third child , koizumi decided to wait .
M	he plays for bayern munich and belgium national team .
F	she performed for president ronald reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on pbs .
M	he was featured on cnn and variety magazine .
F	the tudor king henry viii 's sister , mary tudor , was re-buried in bury 's st mary 's church , after being moved from the abbey after her brother 's dissolution of the church six year after her death .
F	she had lost her mate , cassiel , before shade was born .
M	he plays for jã bilo iwata .
F	she said in an interview , `` i used to eat polythene all the time .
F	she was in and out of consciousness throughout the night and was administered ether .
M	one month before the show , at extreme rules , punk used his guaranteed title match he earned by winning the money in the bank ladder match against hardy ; he beat him , and won the world heavyweight title .
M	he was elected in the 1997 general election .
M	when voldemort killed the potters , a grieving snape vowed to protect lily 's child , although he loathed young harry for being james potter 's son .
M	he was again severely wounded in the left leg late in the fighting .
M	they sent him to work with afa anoa ` i .
F	she is most well know for her voice acting as lilo in the movie lilo & stitch and the series lilo & stitch : the series .
F	on 27 march 2010 , she made an appearance at the kids choice awards 2010 on nickelodeon , and also appeared at the 2010 mtv movie awards , along with the last airbender co-star jackson rathbone , to present a trailer for the last airbender .
M	he calculated 1.1 million jewish deaths and 140,000-150 ,000 polish victims , along with 23,000 roma -lrb- gypsies -rrb- .
M	he composed numerous musical works , including 24 symphonies and many concertos , as well as some church music .
M	early on the morning of february 21 , 1974 , horton was driving on the queen elizabeth way from toronto to his home in buffalo after the buffalo sabres had played in toronto the night before , in his sports car .
M	teddy randazzo -lrb- may 13 , 1935 - november 21 , 2003 -rrb- was an american singer , songwriter and record producer , best known for his work in the 1950s and 1960s .
F	her mother , emily maude tayler -lrb- maiden name mcveagh -rrb- , was a nurse .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	while living there she saw a man killed by a cart .
M	he , along with the four or five other great officers the lord prior of st. john , who acts as the lieutenant and deputy to the grand prior ; the prelate , who is a bishop of the church of england ; the deputy lord prior or priors , depending on the grand prior 's needs , who act as lieutenants and deputies to the lord prior ; and the sub-prelate , who has interests in the commanderies and associations of the organization as well as the priors and chancellors of each of the order 's eight priories , and the hospitaller , make up the grand council .
M	he won in the battle of zama .
F	meanwhile , cory expresses her concerns about michael 's recent change in behavior .
F	julia fischer began her studies before her fourth birthday , when she received her first violin lesson from helge thelen ; a few months later she started studying the piano with her mother viera fischer .
M	the feeling was still strong that none had a right to rule over western asia until he had been consecrated to the office by bel and his priests ; and accordingly , cyrus henceforth assumed the imperial title of `` king of babylon . ''
M	according to his autobiography , he was a mischievous child and enjoyed taking risks ; at age seven he nearly drowned while swimming off the coast of okinawa .
F	she said that anastasia would get angry when her friends won games , or when the younger nina was taller than she was .
M	he had an outstanding 1917 series , scoring 14 goals in four games .
M	he eventually got a leading role in the broadway play called lysistrata and he got excellent reviews .
M	titus held seven consulships during vespasian 's reign and acted as his secretary , appearing in the senate on his behalf .
F	she is best remembered for organizing the american red cross .
F	she was very well used and never lacked parts to play , but she was not given main parts .
M	however , in 1983 the australian government moved to dishonor this agreement , and told the former last ruler , john clunies-ross , that he should leave the cocos .
M	before that , he served as a member of the united states house of representatives from 1959 to 1983 , representing the south and southwest suburbs of chicago .
F	she played for canada at the 2006 winter olympics , held in torino , italy .
F	she was known well in far reaches of the world , and her social practices , her writings and her beliefs prompted much commentary , often by other luminaries in the world of arts and letters .
F	she was found at a farm near coupar angus in perthshire , scotland , in 1961 .
M	the now ghost town of colfax , colorado was named after him .
F	on the emi label she made several `` champagne operetta '' recordings like franz lehã r 's the merry widow and johann strauss ii 's the gypsy baron .
F	the egyptian name was recorded as á '' s.t or è s.t and meant ' -lrb- she of the -rrb- throne ' .
F	she was the daughter of film and stage director jules irving -lrb- nã jules israel -rrb- and actress priscilla pointer .
M	he became secretly engaged to his childhood friend adã le foucher -lrb- 1803-1868 -rrb- , against his mother 's wishes .
M	koop was unusual in his style , and well known for his mustache-less beard and colorful bow ties .
M	he was the only british ruler whose royal house was called the house of saxe-coburg and gotha .
M	he studied theology at coimbra .
M	in his time , he was known primarily as a choral composer .
M	he put mcmahon on a table and put a trashcan over mcmahon 's head .
F	after her husband 's death , she was known as queen elizabeth the queen mother so that she would not be confused with her daughter , queen elizabeth ii .
M	in 2004 he was the voice for georgie -lrb- the dog -rrb- in the citv series barking .
M	he also served as the primary german negotiator in the maastricht treaty negotiations .
M	lasker tried to support himself by giving chess and bridge lectures and exhibitions , as he was now too old for serious competition .
M	when he was born , he was called guido di pietro .
M	ardashir is also known as ardashä `` r-i pä pagä n `` ardashir , son of pä paä '' , and other variants of his name include latinized artaxares and artaxerxes .
M	maurice ravel used c-sharp major as the tonic key of ondine from his piano suite gaspard de la nuit .
F	she was on medication for epilepsy .
M	chess is his very life and soul , the one thing for which he lives '' .
F	her two aunts raised all the three children .
F	her debut album miss thang was released in 1995 .
M	the duchy of prussia was outside the empire , and he was only regarded as king outside the empire .
F	seeking to hide the juice stains , she designed a sleeveless shift dress made of bright , colorful printed cotton .
M	in the mid-1960s carver and his family lived in sacramento .
F	she was given the option to appear nude in sin city by the movie 's directors , frank miller and robert rodriguez .
M	although outnumbered two-to-one , lee committed his entire force , while mcclellan sent in less than three-quarters of his army , enabling lee to fight the federals to a standstill .
F	they said it was n't fair that she got to play on both the men 's and women 's side , when the men could only play on their own side .
M	the character of jayne cobb was a role that was perfect for him .
F	-lrb- she died in malacca , now part of malaysia , on 2 november 1664 , at the age of 35 -rrb- .
M	the restoration was strongly criticized during viollet-le-duc 's lifetime because he made the error of using slates and restoring the roofs as pointed cones , where local practice was traditionally of tile roofing and low slopes , as in this region snow was very seldom .
F	she also acted as a regent for her son , louis xiv of france .
F	yubaba allows her to stay by having her sign a contract .
M	rembrandt 's greatest creative work is seen in his portraits of his contemporaries , self-portraits and illustrations of scenes from the bible .
M	he became ill and decided to go back .
M	he was never awarded a nobel prize , but he noted that there is no prize for evolutionary biology , and that darwin would not have received one , either .
F	twosret , a female king and the last pharaoh of the nineteenth dynasty , may have been the only woman to succeed her among the indigenous rulers .
M	he plays for flamengo .
M	he plays for albirex niigata .
M	he is now an anglican church minister in country australia .
F	she was described by jazz writer scott yanow as having `` one of the most wondrous voices of the 20th century '' .
M	he plays for jef united ichihara chiba .
F	her feelings were more mixed : `` her not playing is , i guess , sad '' , but she also said that without balukas playing , `` we 've all learned how to win . ''
F	in her isolation , she discreetly had an illegitimate daughter with a marine officer .
M	he was awarded a cbe in 2000 .
F	in 1993 , she replaced her father richard leakey as field expedition leader for turkana paleontological expeditions , in one of the most arid and hostile environments on earth .
F	the book has hundreds of photographs of her and contains her advice on life as an heiress .
M	at first he did not want to start such a large work , but in 1975 he was persuaded to accept the commission and began work on his saint-fran ã ois d'assise .
M	he was an advisor to the british government and to the commonwealth secretary-general in the 1970s and 1980s .
M	this took place on his 60th birthday may 14 , 2003 .
F	during her short reign , jane lived in the tower of london .
F	she was left alone on the island when the rest of the nicoleã os were moved to the missions .
M	in 2009 , he won the sixth series of british singing competition the x factor .
M	in reference to his cosmopolitan ancestry , johnson has described himself as a `` one-man melting pot '' â '' with a combination of muslims , jews and christians comprising his great-grandparentage .
F	what she and her parents do not know is that kovu is the son of zira - a banished follower of the now-dead scar .
M	he became president of the federal council in 2009 , and as such , he was acting head of state -lrb- 31 may - 30 june 2010 -rrb- following the resignation of german president horst kã hler .
F	sorcha learns that if she can spin six shirts from a painful plant she can free her brothers from the spell .
F	her fortune is estimated to be about $ 150 million .
F	in 1934 she finished third at maribor , ahead of rudolph spielmann and milan vidmar .
M	his name was alexander .
F	despite being forty-seven years old at the time , during the months which this journey took , she had an amorous intrigue with a handsome twenty-seven year old police officer -lrb- gendarme -rrb- under whose responsibility she had been put .
F	she was the third woman to be principal for the famous school .
M	soon afterwards , merrick 's shop was closed by the police and he went to belgium .
M	suppose alice uses bob 's public key to send him an encrypted message .
F	she is the lead singer for the electropop duo la roux .
F	in addition to books that she wrote , such as the eaglesmount series , she works with kate cary , tui sutherland , and victoria holmes under the pen name of erin hunter , writing the warriors and seekers series .
M	predestination was not the dominant idea in calvin 's works , but it would seemingly become so for many of his reformed successors .
M	they reassured him that they were not one of the groups looking for revenge .
F	dsp entertainment replaced her with two new members , goo hara and kang jiyoung , and kara made a comeback with rock u , which changed their image from `` hip-hop '' to `` cute and playful '' .
M	pablo picasso made his first cubist paintings based on cã zanne 's idea that all depiction of nature can be reduced to three solids : cube , sphere and cone .
F	her divorce from arthur miller was finalized in january 1961 , with monroe citing `` incompatibility of character , '' in february she voluntarily entered the payne whitney psychiatric clinic .
M	he drove a factory-backed peugeot 908 .
F	originally , she was paired with essa rios .
M	he was left the race track in a chicane avoid hitting kimi rã ikkã nen .
M	he plays for ajax and netherlands national team .
M	his court was in ioannina .
F	she and her husband , paul pelosi , who is from san francisco , have five children : nancy corinne , christine , jacqueline , paul and alexandra , and five grandchildren .
M	he was a dragon , a symbol of the power of the ocean , had a very big mouth , and could transform into human shape .
M	he has played for korea republic national team .
M	in thinking about his social and natural environment , pitar decides to lead his family to civilization : `` hence i decided to shed some light on the darkness , to light a candle following the motto let there be light and so on '' .
F	the article about her is at psyche -lrb- mythology -rrb- the ancient greeks believed that the psyche -lrb- or soul -rrb- was responsible for behavior .
M	it was rumored that he was actually the son , not of marcus , but of a gladiator whom his mother faustina had taken as a lover at the coastal resort of caieta .
M	he lived in the late 4th century b.c.
M	husserl also influenced martin heidegger , who was husserl 's assistant , and who husserl himself considered best suited as his successor until heidegger started supporting the nazi ideology .
M	livingstone stated the plan `` rises on the suggestion of president hugo chã vez and builds on the work his government is doing around the world in tackling the problems of poverty , '' and also said , `` this will make it cheaper and easier for people to go about their lives and get the most out of london .
F	she mixed with the literary and social elites of london society .
M	he usually bothers everyone , sometimes stealing jose 's cigar .
F	in her will , monroe left lee strasberg her personal belongings , which amounted to just over half of her estate .
M	he has played for west germany national team .
M	he has achieved good results in world chess championship tournaments .
F	most democrats rallied behind eleanor roosevelt and supported her .
F	published after her death , they became known as `` the last sitting '' .
F	in 1998 , she got a starring role as a child member of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints -lrb- mormons -rrb- in a musical theater production called `` utah ! ''
M	he lost control and hit a concrete culvert .
F	on february 12 , 2005 , she became the first indian woman to win a wta singles title , beating alyona bondarenko of ukraine in the hyderabad open finals .
M	he is the son of former professional defenceman cam plante , while his brother , tyler , is a goaltender in the florida panthers organization .
M	during his last 3 hours on the cross there is darkness over the whole land .
F	she started with lessons from her mother , who composed little pieces with little drawings .
M	when describing the post-match party , botvinnik wrote that at the time he danced the foxtrot and charleston to a professional standard .
M	the case against lee eventually fell apart , however , and he was eventually charged only with mishandling of data .
M	undefeated , his event performance rating was 2838 -- higher than carlsen 's or anand 's .
M	beust himself considers his sexual orientation a private matter ; when asked directly he usually ironically refers the interviewer to his father .
M	king san sent messengers to the song dynasty at least twice in 421 and 425 ; and this historical person was succeeded by his younger brother .
M	after bill kaulitz took part in a children 's star search in 2003 at age thirteen -lrb- which he lost in the quarter-final -rrb- , he was discovered by music producer peter hoffmann .
M	his parents were james and udom mcintyre .
M	he could not play for the rest of the season .
F	olga alexandrovna said all four of her nieces bled more than was normal .
F	critics have praised wood 's acting , such as the guardian newspaper describing her as being `` wise beyond her years '' and as `` one of the best actresses of her generation '' .
M	mixing religion and private concerns , he invoked the worst anger of god against his city , suggesting several particular targets that coincided with his personal enemies .
M	his father was a soldier .
F	she is the daughter of sandra -lrb- nã e simons -rrb- , who has worked as a professional singer , banker , travel agent and real estate agent , and brian messing , a sales executive for a costume jewelry packaging manufacturer .
M	for this reason , he tried to strengthen the position that chinese literature had in japan .
F	they also find jean grey and put her inside the xavier institute .
F	her first album , come away with me was released in 2002 .
M	he entered the paris conservatoire in 1904 , where he studied the piano and organ .
F	at the recommendation of an older student in her school 's broadcasting club , she listened to such artists such as utada hikaru and misia .
M	cena revealed his team one by one ; the members were edge , john morrison , r-truth , the great khali , chris jericho and bret hart .
F	her husband a. j. donelson served as a secretary to the president jackson .
M	in 1929 he moved on to the university of london , and in 1935 to the university of oxford .
F	she studied at the vienna academy of music .
F	of her is the deadly race and tribe of women who live amongst mortal men to their great trouble , no helpmates in hateful poverty , but only in wealth .
F	while in the ussr she traveled throughout the huge nation , including the ukraine , kuznetsk , stalingrad , kiev , siberia , central asia , uzbekistan , and many more .
M	he also suggested that they only use 32 illustrations instead of the first 42 illustrations .
M	rankin 's warm singing style and his soft , nylon-stringed guitar sound might suggest an artist more attuned to the supper-club circuit than the jazz arena , but his work contains many touches that appeal to the jazz audience .
M	wistert played for the michigan wolverines before his two brothers , al wistert and alvin wistert , did .
M	he has written for the new yorker since 1996 .
M	his tomb is in shemiran , north of tehran .
M	moreover , because of this property , synchronous stream ciphers are very susceptible to active attacks â '' if an attacker can change a digit in the ciphertext , he might be able to make predictable changes to the corresponding plaintext bit ; for example , flipping a bit in the ciphertext causes the same bit to be flipped -lrb- toggled -rrb- in the plaintext .
F	at sixteen she became the lead singer of a popular local band at a roadside holiday inn .
M	heine himself said , his conversion was `` the ticket of admission into european culture '' .
F	she is the 2008 olympic women 's balance beam gold medalist .
M	in 1668 he died , just before of the birth of his fifth child , wilhelm august , who became the new duke of saxe-eisenach from his birth , with johann georg as regent .
M	he has also played for the american national junior ice hockey team and played in three world junior championships , where he set a record for career points by an american .
M	he plays for oita trinita .
F	she went on to become the supervising director and designer for mission hill .
F	in luke -lrb- 10:38 â `` 42 -rrb- , mary , sister of lazarus is contrasted with her sister martha , who was `` cumbered about many things '' while jesus was their guest , while mary had chosen `` the better part , '' that of listening to the master 's discourse .
F	she has a younger brother named joshua .
F	she was so sad she jumped into a lake to become a fish , but the waters would not let her beauty be hidden .
M	he later married alexandra freifrau von berlichingen .
M	he is a jedi master who plays an important part in the films .
F	she received +2.20 points for her triple lutz-triple toe loop combination .
M	he also won golds at the 2001 world championships and 2002 commonwealth games .
F	during her freeskate , she made seven triple jumps , including a triple flip .
F	in 1925 , she was awarded a gold medal for one of them in the first arts dã coratifs ' exhibition .
M	he became a life peer in 2000 .
M	his main philosophical achievement was the advancement of a theory he called `` immaterialism '' -lrb- later referred to as `` subjective idealism '' by others -rrb- .
M	he was also a delegate to the continental congress from maryland , and the third united states secretary of war from january 27 , 1796 to may 13,1800 , under presidents george washington and john adams .
M	he also proved that larger populations carry more variation and have a larger chance of survival .
F	shortly afterwards , robinson resigned from the party in protest at the anglo-irish agreement , she said that unionist politicians in northern ireland should have been consulted as part of the deal .
M	there he competed in the british formula opel championship with the nemesis motorsport team .
M	entwistle 's played his bass as a lead instrument at the time of his death he had a collection of over 200 instruments that reflected the different brands he used over his career : fender , rickenbacker , alembic , warwick were the brands he used most .
F	piper made her first stage appearance in a touring production of christopher hampton 's play treats , which opened in early 2007 in windsor .
M	he wrote about the project in his books computer lib\/dream machines -lrb- 1974 -rrb- and literary machines -lrb- 1981 -rrb- .
F	she won the silver medal -lrb- second place -rrb- at the 1999 united states national championships behind michelle kwan at age 13 .
F	she is also normally a member of the swedish 4 x 100 m relay team at international competitions , and was part of the team that set the national record .
M	the conditions which lasker demanded for world championship matches in the last ten years of his reign were controversial , and prompted attempts to define rules for championship matches .
M	van ness served on the bench until his death in new york city .
F	she recorded the song on angel tiger .
M	in 1852 staunton published his book the chess tournament , which recounted in detail the efforts required to make the london international tournament happen and presented all the games with his comments on the play .
F	in 1859 â `` 1861 , she wrote something every month for the englishwoman 's domestic magazine .
F	she said the fans need time to accept the ending of breaking dawn , just as they needed time to accept robert pattinson playing the role of edward cullen in the twilight movie .
F	overall , kim totaled 228.56 points , shattering her personal best and own old world record by a margin of 18 points .
F	she will teach her the right ways of serving tea , playing the shamisen , and dancing , and everything about the art of iki -lrb- see below -rrb- .
M	henry clay said on the floor of the house of representatives that it was from the report of 1800 , above other documents , that he had developed his own theories on constitutional interpretation .
F	she died on june 14 , 1926 at chã cents teau de beaufresne , near paris , and was buried in the family vault at le mesnil-th ã ribus , france .
M	the best known west coast blues musicians may be guitarist t-bone walker , famous for the song `` call it stormy monday -lrb- but tuesday is just as bad -rrb- '' , originally from texas , he had made his first recordings in the late 1920s .
M	he served as professor of biology at bryn mawr college from 1885 to 1891 .
M	after two years of studying , he got the bar in philadelphia , and , in the following year -lrb- 1767 -rrb- , set up his own practice in reading , pennsylvania .
M	delivery of his first ship , the lord sheffield , was accompanied by accusations from the builder that arnold had cheated him ; arnold claimed that he had merely deducted the contractually agreed amount when the ship was delivered late .
M	baldwin and his regiment participated in both the crossing and the fight .
F	the song has since enjoyed commercial success , becoming rowland 's best-charting solo single since her 2002 song `` stole , '' reaching the top of the charts in bulgaria and poland , as well as the top 10 in australia , finland , france , ireland , malta , poland , switzerland and the united kingdom .
M	he stayed for just one season before moving to the johnstown chiefs of the echl , where he again topped the 50 point mark .
F	xenia wrote on 15 march 1910 that she did not understand `` the attitude -lrb- behavior -rrb- of alix and the children to that sinister grigory '' .
F	fallaci , smoked always during her life , died on september 15 , 2006 where she was born , in florence , from breast cancer .
F	she also appeared in guest 's a mighty wind -lrb- 2003 -rrb- as porn actress-turned-folk singer laurie bohner and in for your consideration -lrb- 2006 -rrb- as an entertainment reporter .
F	after the match , snoop dogg clotheslined marella in the ring and kissed maria , before leaving with her and ashley .
F	she exhibited with suzanne duchamp and marie laurencin , among others .
F	two years later she began to have a love affair with fabrizio carafa , the duke of andria .
M	he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
M	he is the son of parzival -lrb- percival -rrb- , he is a knight of the holy grail who is sent in a boat pulled by swans to rescue a girl who is falsely accused of murder .
M	along with his other brothers , he was forced to have a civilian life and did not live in the imperial court , getting a new clan name , ariwara .
F	it was revealed that the canister holds a brown buff , so she is now a koror member ; and the challenges from there on out will be individual -lrb- according to the producers , the incident was not a merge , as koror defeated ulong ; and if it was a merge , their tribe color would have been green -rrb- .
M	at the moment , he hosts a conservative talk radio podcast called `` howling mad radio . ''
M	to honor the fact that he was entering his eightieth year , one of the greatest tributes to a living writer was held .
F	she began developing the pilot project under the working title untitled tina fey project .
M	he tried to keep good relations with the soviet union like president juho kusti paasikivi .
M	he was born in figueres , spain .
M	he usually spent his days outside playing catch , hide and seek , or duck on a rock .
F	karolina worked at the theaters djurgã rdsteatern and nya komiska teatern before she was hired at the royal dramatic theatre in 1814 .
F	aileen wuornos -lrb- february 29 , 1956 â `` october 9 , 2002 -rrb- was a serial killer , she confessed to killing 6 men and was put to death for it .
M	in his first truck race , piquet was managed to score a sixth place effort , the first brazilian driver to finish in the top ten in the series history .
F	hercules saves her from being sacrificed , while unknowingly being watched by a mysterious robed figure .
M	he adopted one daughter named lily with krementz .
M	he was the second son of a daimyo of the akizuki clan .
F	lynch hosted saturday night live on october 9 , 2010 ; the news of her hosting was accidentally revealed to her by her glee boss , ryan murphy , by text message .
M	charles emmanuel later abdicated on 4 june 1802 in favor of his younger brother , victor emmanuel .
M	it 's a fun song , but it 's kind of a drag because maxwell keeps on destroying everyone like his girlfriend then the school teacher , and then , finally , the judge . ''
F	she is the daughter of famous actress and singer judy garland and her second husband , film director vincente minnelli .
F	her album start !
M	he also got the top goalscorer award of the same season .
F	while orange bowl champion lauren davis who competed in the main draw of the women 's singles was the third seed and she was also joined by caroline garcia who also appeared in the women 's draw .
M	he chose as prime minister the most popular and moderate of the socialist politicians , michel rocard .
F	she spent her childhood at the gã lcã 1\/4 k naval base in kocaeli province .
M	this gave him military and political advancement through his brave , clever skill .
M	he has held this post since august 8 , 2006 when he took over duties for the retiring paul tagliabue .
M	however , mr. twiddle -lrb- the zookeeper -rrb- often captures wally and brings him back to the zoo .
F	zerlina tries to tell masetto she is innocent .
M	he was born in saint petersburg to grand duke paul petrovich , later emperor paul i , and maria feodorovna , daughter of the duke of wã 1\/4 rttemberg .
M	mallory and his climbing partner andrew irvine both disappeared somewhere high on the north - east ridge in an attempt to get to the top .
M	vã zina recorded his first career shutout during the 1912 â `` 13 season , defeating ottawa 6 â `` 0 on january 18 , 1913 for one of his nine wins in the season .
F	she was the vj for msl break from 2007 to 2008 .
M	merrick was allowed to live there for the rest of his life .
M	he took responsibility for experiments performed at its weekly meetings .
F	after that she st in the tv series 90-60-90 modelos -lrb- 1996 -rrb- and ricos y famosos -lrb- 1997 -rrb- .
F	she was , in her own words :
M	in the times of apartheid in south africa , he fought for white supremacy .
F	she also played in the european team championships of 1997 when georgia won the gold medal .
F	she is the mother of former u.s. president george w. bush and former governor of florida , jeb bush .
M	he was awarded the mbe in 2003 and then the obe in 2004 .
F	the resulting scandal hurt her career much more than wanger 's , according to the double standards toward women of the time .
M	dr. peake 's mother was an army nurse , and his brother was a naval aviator .
F	she started to put her songs on the internet from the age of 13 , although she mostly sang other singers ' songs .
M	the fbi come in and tell him that the man 's name is simon gruber and that he is hans ' brother .
M	his father changed his name from gyã rgy to georg and changed his family name to solti .
M	after the plot was exposed in september 1780 , he was made a brigadier general in the british army .
M	however , he never pretended that his last broadway-bound work , finishing the picture , was not based on the making of the misfits .
M	because of brainin 's jewish origin , he was driven out of vienna after hitler 's anschluss of 1938 , as were the violinist siegmund nissel and violist peter schidlof .
F	mrs beeton is described better as the books compiler and editor than as its author , because many of the passages were not in her own words .
M	later , in 1979 , he was in luna park and fantastico .
M	he lived in 16th century .
F	she became lonely , homesick and deeply attached to constantin heger .
M	he left the nhl after the 1960 season .
F	she performed the elgar concerto for her last london concerts in february 1973 with zubin mehta and the new philharmonia orchestra .
M	he told the thousands of supporters that , `` my guilt is that i love my homeland ... our intellect and our words are our weapons .
F	she is buried next to her close friend jean-paul sartre at the cimetiã re du montparnasse in paris .
F	she is widely regarded as one of the finest classical ballet dancers in history and was most noted as a principal artist of the imperial russian ballet and the ballets russes of serge diaghilev .
M	usually , a mahout starts as a boy , when he is given a young elephant so that they become attached to each other .
M	nicholas russell , the 6th earl russell -lrb- and grandson of the philosopher , 3rd earl bertrand russell -rrb- is a strong supporter of the co-operative party and secretary of its waltham forest branch ; he is vocal in his call for the abolition of the house of lords .
M	he worked with the american negro ballet .
F	nicol joined wispa and turned professional in 2000 when she won her first wispa title , after only a month in the tour .
M	he plays for fc bayern munich and germany national team .
F	niobe is also mentioned in sophocles ' antigone : as she is marched toward her death , antigone compares her own loneliness to that of niobe .
F	miraculously spared during the reign of terror , bathilde was freed during the thermidorian reaction and returned to her ã lysã e residence in paris .
F	she is an american actress .
F	monroe enrolled at ucla in 1951 where she studied literature and art appreciation .
M	priam had several wives , but his principal wife was hecuba .
F	she recorded a mv for the third track '' ë ë ë í 486 '' -lrb- bi mil bun ho 486 , translated `` password 486 '' -rrb- which stars fellow stam artist yoon ji hoo .
F	she carried out a successful tour of america in 1915 , and died on returning to france .
F	tom loker finally traps eliza and her family , so that george shoots loker .
F	at the age of 18 she fled her arranged marriage and sought god instead .
M	in 1903 he was given the legion of honor .
M	he is most famous as a member of the groups buffalo springfield and crosby , stills & nash .
F	she claimed that she went through as many as 20 auditions .
M	some days he will treat you like his long-lost brother .
M	in doing so , he discovers that king dedede has stolen the star rod , the source of the fountain of dreams 's power , and broken it into seven pieces , giving six fragments to his allies and keeping one himself .
F	kwon yuri -lrb- born december 5 , 1989 -rrb- also known by her stage name yuri , is a south korean singer-songwriter , actress , model , and dancer .
M	in 1890 , he published a new novel , su ã nico hijo .
F	she was one of the original cast members of nbc 's comedy show saturday night live -lrb- for which she won an emmy award in 1978 .
F	the next night she finished the story and began another one , which she again stopped when it was dawn .
F	the cullens spread out to find any vampires that could witness that renesmee is not an immortal child and that she grows everyday .
F	at yale law school , she taught seminars on crime and the family .
F	she is known for presenting a number of popular tv programs such as top of the pops and the red nose day telethon .
F	her first work was as a valet for kyda pro wrestling using the ring name alexis laree .
M	following his wish , his own funeral march for rikard nordraak was played , as well as the funeral march by frederic chopin .
M	free transcripts of some of his teachings are available from the lama yeshe wisdom archive .
M	he won three race and finished on the podium six other times .
F	she enters a roadside police box to seek help , but she enters and does not realize that it is the doctor 's tardis .
F	jenna m. quit the game on day 9 to return home to her dying mother .
M	he knew that the only testimony against them would come from a nine-year-old girl , and that king james had cautioned judges to examine carefully the evidence presented against accused witches , warning against credulity .
M	when the blood-red moon appears again , he walks into the pond to try to wash the blood of his body , but he drowns .
M	he said the album featured less falsetto as he allowed his voice 's lower register to take precedence .
F	she began her musical career in 2007 at age 25 when she released her first single entitled `` my boobs are ok .
M	in honor of his achievements on and off the field , robinson was awarded the presidential medal of freedom and the congressional gold medal after his death .
M	he learned about mathematics and science at the university of auckland , and in 1939 he completed his first important climb , which was reaching the top of a mountain called mount ollivier .
F	elizabeth and her uncle and aunt hurriedly return home , and elizabeth thinks that now mr. darcy will never speak to her again .
M	this has caused him to be sued several times for libel by many people and organizations which he had exposed , such as telecom italia .
M	he plays for machida zelvia .
F	she went to huntingdon college in montgomery -lrb- 1944 â `` 45 -rrb- , and then studied law at the university of alabama -lrb- 1945 â `` 49 -rrb- .
M	roethlisberger led the steelers to a second super bowl title in four seasons as they defeated the arizona cardinals in super bowl xliii , 27-23 , after he made a game-winning touchdown pass to santonio holmes in the final 35 seconds .
F	in 1998 , she was named one of people magazine 's `` 50 most beautiful people -lrb- in the world -rrb- '' .
M	his waterworld script was thrown out .
M	in the early 1980s , he starred in a movie with the british veteran michael caine in escape to victory -lrb- 1981 -rrb- , a sports drama where he plays a prisoner of war involved in a nazi propaganda fuã ball -lrb- soccer -rrb- tournament .
M	he has said that he had a good script for alien : resurrection , which was ruined by its director jean-pierre jeunet .
F	the orthodox church venerates her as a `` great martyr '' , and in the catholic church she is traditionally revered as one of the fourteen holy helpers .
M	red believes that sorcha knows something about his brother , simon .
F	it was written by ryan tedder , evan bogart and knowles for her third studio album , i am ... sasha fierce .
F	she is also australia 's first prime minister never to have married .
F	at the end of season 4 , however , is when gabrielle shows a leap in her warrior abilities .
F	in 2007 , she auditioned for jyp , however , she lost the runoff .
M	for a surprise , he has arranged for the amazons to come down from the lake district and join them with another dinghy .
F	she returns to her normal self and tries to get back with tony , but tony is completely different now , and can not have sex .
M	john clunies-ross lives in exile in perth , australia , but his successors still live on the cocos .
M	he concentrated on earning enough money to support himself as a full time cyclist later on , as he attempted to turn professional .
M	wasalu muhammad jaco -lrb- born february 17 , 1982 in chicago , illinois -rrb- , better known by his stage name lupe fiasco , is a grammy-winning american hip-hop artist .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	from calvin 's point of view , hobbes is a real , intelligent , loyal , and cunning tiger , much larger than calvin and full of his own attitudes and ideas .
F	she began writing when she was 30 , to make money to pay for her car .
M	the captain wound up in the water , and that was the first contact between the species when the snorks saved his life , to which the captain then expressed his gratitude by writing a book about the snorks , although very few humans believe in the existence of the snorks .
M	he was born september 2 , 1948 in shreveport , louisiana .
M	he conducted the first performance of das lied von der erde with the vienna philharmonic .
M	he toured europe with the new york philharmonic in 1930 and always had great success .
F	in the movie , cruella de vil attempts to steal puppies for her `` grandest '' fur coat yet .
F	she arrived at the cape of good hope on 13 april 1790 , and spent 16 days there , loading food and other items .
M	amphetamines were found in his jersey and bloodstream .
M	poneman offered to fund a release by the band , so thayil told him to team up with bruce pavitt .
M	from 1984 until his death , he was the british poet laureate .
M	he won the tour de france twice , in 1949 and 1952 .
M	while studying classics at cambridge university he started to play the baroque violin .
F	fay moved into the gulf of mexico and then made her fourth and final landfall in florida on august 23 .
F	she complained that the normal witness oath would not be right because she had an oath that she had given to the king .
F	lady anne romilly told her friend , the writer maria edgeworth , that '' -lrb- mansfield park -rrb- has been pretty generally admired here '' .
M	some of his teachers were called david hirsh , dick mcintosh , mike yarus , larry gold , and bill wood .
M	kurt steven angle -lrb- born december 9 , 1968 -rrb- , is an american professional wrestler currently under contract in total nonstop action wrestling where he is a former tna world champion .
M	as commander of lares , he was very appreciated by the spanish catholic kings and , in particular , by queen isabella .
M	`` it 's sort of unfortunate that he hit upon kazakhstan . ''
M	when british major geoffrey keyes was killed during a failed commando raid to kill or capture rommel behind german lines , rommel ordered him buried with full military honors .
F	her son , oliver hudson , is a television and film actor .
M	in 1962 he became famous when he was a soloist in a nationally televised new york philharmonic young people 's concert , conducted by leonard bernstein .
M	he was played by sir nigel hawthorne .
F	kelly kelly used to have a weekly segment known as kelly 's exposã where she would dance for the wwe universe .
M	he formed a group in 2004 called body head bangerz and released an album with them entitled body head bangerz : volume one which featured b.g.
F	her novel gambhiri ghara she describes an unusual relationship between two people , a hindu house wife of india and a muslim artist of pakistan .
F	while the film was a success , and monroe 's performance had positive reviews , her conduct at promotional events sometimes drew negative comments .
F	gabrielle -lrb- renee o'connor -rrb- becomes xena 's greatest friend , her initial naive helps to balance xena and helps her in seeing and fighting for the greater good .
F	for instance , magda goebbels smoked even while she was interviewed by a journalist .
M	on his return from siberia in 1917 he enjoyed great popularity among moscow workers .
M	he is interred at calvary cemetery .
M	brock will not reveal his source and goes to jail for failing to do so , as did miller .
M	he also said that for him , important factors in harry 's psyche are his survivor 's guilt in regard to his dead parents and his lingering loneliness .
F	jpg thumb -lrb- 399x599 -rrb- px right kim cattrall -rrb- -rrb- kim cattrall -lrb- born august 21 , 1956 -rrb- is an english actress , who moved to canada when she was three months old .
M	he played college football at washington state and at tiffin university in ohio .
F	she was to become most famous for this role .
M	in 1971 he is jess brandon , assistant attorney of the owen marshall , in owen marshall : counselor at law .
M	praetorius was so shocked about the torture of the accused woman that he demanded a stop .
M	arnie agrees , and john settles into his new position .
M	he gave this method for meditation the name , transcendental meditation .
F	she was the youngest person ever to receive the honor , at just under 27 years of age .
F	when she was a monster , lamia then killed her children .
F	she is best known for playing as river tam in the science fiction television series firefly and movie serenity .
M	near the end of 1837 he returned to france , and on 21 december married mlle agathe delamalle -lrb- garches , hauts-de-seine , 15 october 1819 - paris , 13 july 1853 -rrb- , daughter of the prosecuting attorney at the court of angers .
F	nicola rachele-beth grahame -lrb- born 28 april 1982 -rrb- from watford , hertfordshire rose to fame in the uk when she was chosen to be a housemate on big brother 7 in 2006 .
F	since the death of queen mary and the coming to the throne of her half-sister elizabeth in 1558 , catholic priests had been forced to hide , but in remote areas like lancashire they were still able to celebrate mass in secret .
M	his aim was `` to bring architecture , design and sculpture together within a single practice '' .
F	her role in the film basic instinct was also notable .
M	he also proposed powers called love and strife which would act as forces to bring about the mixture and separation of the elements .
M	he is probably best known for being one of the founding members of the rap group , wu-tang clan .
F	ilia asks electra for some kindness , but elektra is madly jealous of ilia now , and she wants revenge .
M	he played one season for the montreal canadiens of the national hockey league and spent the majority of his career in the quebec senior hockey league .
M	bobby started problems with his teammates by not agreeing with how the reward should be used .
M	according to an interview with godefroot , it was bã ltsâ 17th place at the 1991 vuelta a espaã a that prompted him to accept the telekom managementâ s offer to take over the running of the team .
F	she described it as lowood school in her novel jane eyre .
M	instead , he insisted that `` the liberal , anti-god media needs to be brought under the strict control of the fcc , and that as soon as possible . ''
M	timothy is chosen to go but his older brother martin believes he should have been chosen .
M	it was named for saint nicholas by spanish sailor sebastiã n vizcaã no after he saw the island on the saint 's feast day -lrb- december 6 -rrb- in 1602 .
F	she meets mr. datchery , who tells her jasperâ s name .
F	she also beat in the finals , madelyn whitlow of detroit , michigan , with a score of 75 â `` 32 in 44 innings -lrb- turns at the table -rrb- .
F	in this episode , marge worries that she may yet again be pregnant and drives to `` dr. hibbert 's '' office .
M	at the same time , he began to re-join as a fighter pilot .
M	in early 2003 , yune decided to leave the band , and he was replaced by kai .
M	in 1995 , mellor starting acting in the soap opera , hollyoaks in which he played -lrb- acted as -rrb- james ` jambo ' bolton .
F	she was first discovered on regional television as a last minute subject for a ten minute segment on good living with kerry pierson on christchurch 's local television station ctv .
M	in 2003 , he was added into the hockey hall of fame .
M	we wish him all the best with that . ''
F	she said she would not answer every question about her visions .
F	she talked about them more in the objectivist newsletter , the objectivist , the ayn rand letter , introduction to objectivist epistemology and the virtue of selfishness .
F	she is best known for the weetzie bat series of books .
M	simon recognizes his old enemy who he thought was dead .
F	pauline worked at a launderette with her best friend dot branning .
F	tucker had to take a break from drumming in 1970 , when she became pregnant .
M	in 1946 he started the london bach society .
F	the next day , she won the free skate with 123.22 points .
F	she owns most of forrester creations .
M	they get caught in the midst of a scene and inadvertently interrupt the performance ; leo tries to continue performing , but freaks out and runs off when tommy shows him the lizard .
M	joseph henry hall -lrb- may 3 , 1882 -- april 5 , 1919 -rrb- , nicknamed bad joe hall , was a professional ice hockey defenceman who played professionally from 1904 until 1919 when he died as a result of the influenza epidemic .
M	he was continued in office by john adams and served through the entire adams administration until february 19 1801 .
F	she landed her first leading role as haruka in kurogane communication .
M	twelve thousand people applied for tickets to his funeral at the metropolitan opera house at 39th street and broadway and the streets were jammed with people and traffic .
F	for her work she was awarded the nobel prize in chemistry .
M	while at the circus he follows his nose looking for the cotton candy , and when he turns around his parents are gone .
M	he was professor of zoology at columbia university , and curator of the department of geology and paleontology at the american museum of natural history from 1945 to 1959 .
M	after the beatles ended , lennon decided he did not want to have another permanent band , and he and ono used the plastic ono band name to refer to any musicians who appeared on the records they made together .
M	after receiving his commission , robinson was moved to fort hood , texas .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	lilly finds out that miley is hannah montana in the first episode , when she breaks into hannah 's dressing room .
F	as a child she was given a lifelike chimpanzee toy named jubilee by her father ; her fondness for the toy started her early love of animals .
F	once her second city training began , she became highly involved in the `` cult of improvisation '' .
M	there are now flying enemies , like helicopters and nexo ufo 's that can attack crypto while he is in his ufo .
F	the following year at the 2002 emmy awards ceremony , she and the writing team won the emmy for outstanding writing for a variety , music or comedy program .
F	she is the wife of george w. bush , who was the president then .
F	the name flora was proposed by john herschel , from flora , the latin goddess of flowers and gardens , wife of zephyrus -lrb- the personnification of the west wind -rrb- , mother of spring , and whose greek equivalent is chloris -lrb- who has her own asteroid , 410 chloris -rrb- .
M	according to bryan konietzko , the program was conceived in the spring of 2001 when he took an old sketch of a balding , middle-aged man and re-imagined the character as a child .
M	while in paris , he published his work la croatie et la confã dã ration italienne , considered by some to be the precursor to his party of rights ' political program .
M	he plays for ventforet kofu .
M	he plays for vissel kobe .
M	boutsen pulled away from berger but his engine blew on lap 18 .
M	alter bridge 's vocalist , myles kennedy is also known for his work with slash .
M	next , he earned a m.a.
F	when a woman experiences full orgasm , her uterus , vagina , anus , and pelvic muscles undergo a series of rhythmic contractions .
F	shrimpton was called `` the face of the '60s '' , in which she has been considered by many as `` the symbol of swinging london '' , and the `` embodiment of the 1960s '' .
F	she would leave the fixed thing in front of her favorite toy : the stuffed cat bagpuss .
F	diagnosed as profoundly deaf at 14 months old , she began learning american sign language -lrb- asl -rrb- as fast as her parents could learn it and teach it to her .
F	she became friends with actors kevin mccarthy and eli wallach who each she was sincere in her approach to her studies .
M	arnold , who was promoted to brigadier general for his role in reaching quebec , maintained an ineffectual siege of the city until he was replaced by major general david wooster in april 1776 .
F	she talks to aida .
F	after mating , the female will wash her vulva thoroughly .
F	she released her platinum selling debut album the way it is in 2005 , and her second album just like you in 2007 .
F	she is best known for the play the vagina monologues .
M	he is in the book of one thousand and one nights .
F	2d 747 , new jersey state prosecutors charged a woman with being a common scold for a disturbance she had caused .
F	a close friend , singer miriam makeba , persuaded her to go to liberia in africa .
F	her favorite brother aung san lin drowned in a pool accident when suu kyi was eight .
M	he graduated from beverly high school , in beverly massachusetts in the class of 1996 , where he excelled in the english department .
F	a later album of songs by a single composer was released when she was with pablo records , ella abraã a jobim , with songs by antonio carlos jobim .
F	anastasia was murdered with her family on 17 july 1918 by the bolshevik secret police .
M	the design was widely acclaimed and won him a d&ad yellow pencil -lrb- the gold award -rrb- in 1997 .
F	she has also written travel literature describing her experiences in the canadian north .
M	1995 saw the foundation of bertsch & bertsch corporate design corporate communications gmbh -lrb- limited liability company -rrb- with his wife annette .
M	he finished sixth in the qualifying race .
M	he was promoted to captain in 1968 .
F	she even started using stratus ' personal finishing moves as her own during matches .
F	satsuki looks for totoro , who gives her a ride on the cat-bus and helps her find mei .
M	hooker acted as president of the british association at its norwich meeting of 1868 , when his address was remarkable for its championship of darwinian theories .
M	korchnoi scored 7.5 â `` 0.5 in his first eight games , then drew his last three games .
M	while performing in the company , he won the iwa world heavyweight championship five times .
F	after that she lived in switzerland and the netherlands .
M	his life growing up has been described as centred on family , church , school and community , while parents tom and ngaire were described as strong believers in social equity and social justice as well as active in the community life .
F	before debuting , she participated in the sm 's youth appearance tournament in 2005 .
F	she began training for rhythmic gymnastics at the age of three .
F	in 1972 she interviewed henry kissinger .
M	in 1978 he formed the london classical players and he conducted them until 1997 .
F	le grand benedict '' , of whom she was one , was :
F	she represented india in miss universe 2007 and placed in the top ten .
M	he has written some books about the klingon language .
F	on february 21 , 2010 , two days before the ladies ' figure skating contest at the winter olympics in vancouver , her mother , thã rã se rochette , died of a heart attack at vancouver general hospital after coming to see her in the contest .
F	she published poetry and fiction .
M	however , he was called back from this post as it was found that he was working trade for his own account .
M	to date , prince philip , duke of edinburgh , remains the youngest person ever inducted into the order of merit , having been admitted by queen elizabeth ii in 1968 , when he was 47 years of age .
M	once ozai arrives , aang engages him in battle .
M	in 1923 borsdorf retired as professor of horn at the royal academy of music , and aubrey took his place .
F	her parents were called william and temperance `` tempie '' fitzgerald .
M	he went to the college of william and mary in 1894 at the age of fifteen .
F	she owned the toll house inn , in whitman , massachusetts .
F	she lived longer than margaret taylor , abigail fillmore , jane pierce , mary todd lincoln , eliza mccardle johnson and lucy webb hayes .
M	in 2003 he made his first album `` sin noticias de holanda '' which it has 12 songs .
M	he was educated at the university of adelaide and the university of edinburgh .
M	as a politician , caricaturist , and writer , he is one of the leading figures of galician culture and identity .
M	his sisters were hephzibah menuhin who became a pianist , and yaltah menuhin who became a pianist , painter and poet .
F	her stories have been published in the new yorker , the new york times book review and the times literary supplement .
F	she is the daughter of jawaharlal nehru , who was also prime minister of india .
M	he won super bowl xxxv in 2001 with the baltimore ravens .
F	the queen , in consideration of the `` many eminent services performed to herself and to her royal predecessors by the honorable and noble house of stanley , '' withdrew her right and referred the contending claimants to the decision of the privy council as to the best claim of inheritance .
M	as dumbledore was not able to save the potters , snape 's sorrow was real and extremely deep , he gained dumbledore 's trust .
M	he was music director of the orchestre de paris from 1972 until 1975 .
M	hull was known for his blonde hair , blinding skating speed , and having the fastest shot in the game which also earned him the nickname , `` the golden jet '' .
F	in 2001 , entertainment weekly named fey as one of their entertainers of the year for her work on weekend update .
F	athena lost her temper , and destroyed what arachne had created .
M	he did equal one track record for two-year-olds at pomona racetrack , running 330 y in 17.2 seconds .
F	she went to live in france in 1992 .
M	he used it to describe evolutionary concepts , including earlier concepts such as malthusianism and spencerism .
M	hutton hit on a variety of ideas to explain the rock strata he saw around him .
F	because serket could cure snake bites , she was sometimes known as the protector from apep , the evil snake-god .
M	since 1982 he has been a member of the synod -lrb- parliament -rrb- of the protestant church of germany .
M	he fought to keep the title and won once before losing it to jack dempsey in 1919 .
M	he had to leave russia because of stalin , who was now his own enemy and wanted to harm trotsky .
M	on may 6 , 2007 he won the presidential election , garnering 53.35 % of the vote .
F	she worked on small press fantasy and science fiction magazines called chacal and shayol with her second husband , arnie fenner .
F	there she studied music and helped her songwriting writing essays on art , religion , social issues and politics .
M	he even said they were more important than history or biography .
F	in an interview the same year with smithsonian magazine , she was asked the question `` was the warrior princess outfit comfortable ? ''
M	after this , he decided that he would go for any gap into the first corner if prost had the advantage .
M	he also established many of the un 's development and environmental agencies , funds and programs , including the un development programme -lrb- undp -rrb- , the un university , unctad , unitar and the un environmental programme .
M	in 1905 , einstein published his article introducing special relativity , `` on the electrodynamics of moving bodies '' , in annalen der physik .
M	morris wrote and published poetry , fiction , and translations of ancient and medieval texts throughout his life .
F	she often tried to run away from the nursery to `` go to papa '' .
F	she was exiled with the romanov family to tobolsk and ekaterinburg after the russian revolution of 1917 .
M	borat is shown to have been married several times , after first having been betrothed to his half-sister 's plough while in his teens .
F	she heard of a song called `` strange fruit '' .
M	when napolã on bonaparte was defeated , he had become king of france .
F	after she was fired , monroe was part of several high-profile publicity events .
M	matt maiellaro is a creator , writer , director , and voice actor on the adult swim program aqua teen hunger force and the film aqua teen hunger force colon movie film for theaters which he did with dave willis .
F	prince leonard is married to her royal highness princess shirley of hutt , dame of the rose of sharon -lrb- nã e shirley butler -rrb- .
M	he worked in belgrade until yugoslavia also became involved in world war ii .
F	she is called nimue , viviane , elaine , niniane , nyneve or nimueh , amongst others .
F	she has started a movement in painting that she has named transpressionism .
M	he plays for ankaragã 1\/4 cã 1\/4 .
M	he has also played in the nhl for the chicago blackhawks for 1 season and the florida panthers for 1 season before being signing a contract with the atlant moscow oblast of the khl and then retured back to linkã pings hc where he was named the team 's captain .
M	in 1989 , he reactivated the far-right `` all-polish youth '' -lrb- må odzieå 1\/4 wszechpolska -rrb- organization , becoming its chairman ; he remains honorary chairman to this day .
M	his son asked him to build it .
F	in september 1917 the ottomans caught one of her carrier pigeons which they then worked out -lrb- decrypted -rrb- and found out where she was .
M	he plays for urawa red diamonds .
M	he struggled to make ends meet by eating simple food and living plainly .
M	he was the son of william albert deming and pluma irene edwards , the daughter of henry coffin edwards and elizabeth jane grant .
M	he was ranked # 1 in the world from april 2006 to january 2007 , and had the second highest elo rating of all time -lrb- 2813 -rrb- .
M	he later began coaching in canton , michigan .
F	her time with the goddards would once again prove to be short .
M	he plays for fukushima united .
F	these arms are used by the queen in her official capacity as monarch of the united kingdom , and are officially known as her arms of dominion .
M	during the interview , jordan told the new yorker and had said on his wikipedia user page that he had doctoral degrees in theology and canon law .
M	he plays for fagiano okayama .
M	when george bass sailed past the area at the end of 1797 he did not locate the point .
M	after months he became highly critical of the involvement of confederaciã n nacional del trabajo -lrb- cnt -rrb- members in the popular front government , and he sent a letter to federica montseny -lrb- anarchist minister for healt in the government against fascism -rrb- .
F	she says : `` better a knife in my belly than your hands on me '' .
M	he died of a heart attack in berlin on 29 september 1953 .
M	he was also inducted into the hall of fame western artists at the national cowboy & western heritage museum in oklahoma city , oklahoma .
F	she was awarded the title partly as a result of winning lone pine 1977 against a field of 45 players , mostly grandmasters .
F	her owner , `` aunt viv '' -lrb- jamie lee curtis -rrb- , has to go to italy , so she leaves chloe with her niece , rachel ashe lynn -lrb- piper perabo -rrb- .
F	she was buried at the basilica of st denis , and her heart was deposed at the church of notre-dame-de-bonsecours in nancy -lrb- lorraine -rrb- .
F	in the hellenic era , because she was known as a protector , and mother , she also became the goddess of sailors .
M	in 1984 he participated to te la do io l'america -lrb- four episodes -rrb- and te lo do io il brasile -lrb- 6 episodes -rrb- .
M	he is buried at the theatiner church .
M	he disliked the duchesse even more when luynes died -lrb- december 1621 -rrb- .
M	he plays as a second-row .
M	the dutchman cornelis corneliszoon -lrb- 1550-1607 -rrb- invented his type of sawmill by applying a pitman arm onto a wind mill , which converted a turning motion into an up-an-down motion .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from 1981 to 1989 .
F	she only released her debut single in 2007 called crazy love , on 7 versions , incluyed a spanish version .
M	between january 1824 and his graduation in 1825 , he had published nearly 40 minor poems .
F	both animals then sink back into the seagrass and she swims away .
M	he developed performance locations that could automatically react to dancers ' movements with varied patterns of sound and light .
F	she was sold at auction in july 1792 .
M	he can appear diffident and casual but has an undoubted intellectual capacity and a strong will ; since the government crisis of 1970 he has appeared much more assured -- even brash -- and has handled the dã il with confidence .
F	cherry left school at 14 and moved to london , where she joined the punk rock band `` the cherries '' .
F	reviews of this new album were mixed , but stefanie said that all she wanted was to make quality music , instead of releases that sell well but have a lower level of artistic quality .
M	from the year 2000 to 2003 , texstar maintained his repository of rpm packages in parallel with the pclinuxonline web site .
F	at the age of 16 she moved to argentina to work there .
M	he is often shown as a bearded , winged man or a young , winged , boy .
M	he directed much of his attention to ambitious construction projects and luxurious dwellings for himself .
F	she was also in the revues citizen gates -lrb- 1996 -rrb- and paradigm lost -lrb- 1997 .
M	after the war , he studied economics and law in halle and leipzig .
M	his father and stepmother did not want him at home so he left home and when he was 17 , he went to live in a workhouse .
M	competing with zuko for the avatar is admiral zhao who leads a fire nation assault on the northern water tribe that is successfully repelled thanks to aang and his friends .
F	she played katara in the movie the last airbender .
M	ambitious and popular , he quickly emerged as a potential party leader .
M	he was paid 200 guineas .
F	she is best known for her first novel rubyfruit jungle .
F	she won the sbs inkigayo mutizen award twice for secret number 486 .
F	she was also unaware at the time that the re-move was caught on tape by a television crew .
M	he worked on embryology , and also discovered unmyelinated nerve fibers and the nerve cells in the heart sometimes called remak 's ganglia .
M	he named it `` new wales '' but then changed the name in his journal to `` new south wales '' .
M	he plays for valencia .
M	2009 began a new saga of the story-line , leaving behind the previous years and venturing out to newer possibilities as mata nui , after having been banished by makuta teridax , finds his way to a mysterious barren planet called bara magna .
M	he plays for montedio yamagata .
M	he plays for vissel kobe .
M	over the course of his career , he played the new york rangers and the edmonton oilers .
F	aang refused her help , seeing as how the machines were disrupting villages .
F	thelenius released her debut single , `` summer love '' , in 2004 .
M	he is also a recipient of the albert schweitzer prize for humanitarianism and a trustee of the economists for peace and security .
M	the match went for a minute and akebono won the match after he threw the big show out of the ring , thus winning the sumo match .
F	she journeyed to the northeast , first to peshawar and then to rawalpindi , disguised by her muslim veil .
M	the says that hercules fights , hercules explains that he only fights when he has to and only to prevent other people from being harmed .
M	in september 1938 he was elected nineteenth president of the assembly of the league , a tribute to the international recognition he had won by his independent stance on world questions .
M	the dictator adolf hitler used the word fã 1\/4 hrer for his title fã 1\/4 hrer and reichskanzler of the third reich .
M	his family 's most valuable holding is worth an estimated $ 8 billion .
F	at the age of three , she sang the greatest love of all at a livestock show .
M	in one famous example , he advises alexander to be ' a leader to the greeks and a despot to the barbarians , to look after the former as after friends and relatives , and to deal with the latter as with beasts or plants ' .
F	she advanced the technique of x-ray crystallography , a method used to determine the three dimensional structures of biomolecules .
M	his wife was simone duvalier , and his son , jean-claude duvalier succeeded him as president .
F	brown enjoys american fox hunting and is master of her fox hunt club .
F	she was the first african american woman to serve as a united states ambassador , representing the u.s. in luxembourg under president lyndon b. johnson , and the first to enter the line of succession to the presidency .
F	on april 15 , 2008 , she announced that in 2010 the foundation will be opening a museum about jackie in lower manhattan .
M	henri-marie beyle -lrb- january 23 , 1783 -- march 23 , 1842 -rrb- is better known by his pen name stendhal .
M	his human name is cole turner and his demon name is belthazor .
F	in particular , she tells evelyn about two young women , idgie and ruth .
M	he won the pulitzer prize in 1985 for his work the good war .
F	it was written by the-dream , tricky stewart and beyoncã knowles for her third solo album , i am ... sasha fierce -lrb- 2008 -rrb- .
F	collections of her photograph were published as -lrb- one time , one place -rrb- 1971 and photograph -lrb- 1989 -rrb- .
M	staunton replied on 9 october , re-stating the difficulties he faced , but now giving them as reasons to cancel the match .
F	lyon did not like her name and chose `` carole lind '' as a stagename , after carole lombard and jenny lind .
F	she started playing international hockey for canada at the 2004 four nations cup .
F	she was the first woman to become united states secretary of state .
F	while she was there , she began writing essays and short stories about people in monroeville .
M	it was his first book and was first published in 1914 .
F	claudia johnson says that janeitism is `` the self-consciously idolatrous enthusiasm -lrb- love -rrb- for ` jane ' and every detail relative to her -lrb- about her -rrb- '' .
F	clarkson continued singing and soon started classical training , hoping that music would be her ticket to a college scholarship .
F	she was also a regular on the comedy-drama series party down as constance carmell ; the role got good reviews .
F	she acted as sue ann nivens in the mary tyler moore show and as rose nylund in the television sitcom the golden girls .
F	wanting to find out more about her mother , and to become an otome like her , arika walks to garderobe -lrb- a school in windbloom for training otomes -rrb- .
F	her father had been an american slave .
F	yä ldä z tilbe is a turkish pop folk singer and one of the best selling musical artists in turkey , known especially for her eastern-infused ballads .
F	in 2003 , in the government of luiz inã cio lula da silva , she was the minister of mines and energy .
M	his feast day is held on 30 november .
F	her most famous works are the lark rise to candleford trilogy , which she sent as essays to oxford university press in 1938 and which were published soon after .
F	she committed suicide in malta in 1966 .
M	when the british general caractacus was captured in 50 , claudius granted him his life .
F	she is by far the strongest female chess player in history , p312 yet she has never played in the women 's world chess championship .
F	she later shows up to a meeting with laura , and refuses to cooperate with her , forcing laura to expel her from the program .
M	in 1990 he received the tamworth songwriters ' association 's prize for `` bush ballad of the year '' .
M	he also remarked that `` its political flavor -lrb- ... -rrb- is distinctly post-9 \/ 11 '' , noting the political and cultural similarities between the series and our modern society .
F	for never was a story of more woe than this of juliet and her romeo . ''
F	in april 2008 , she participated in night of too many stars , a comedy show benefit for autism education .
M	he first planned on going to graduate school in texas but he made the decision to stay in hollywood and work in movies .
M	he became recognized as a solo artist after lending his vocals and co-writing the hooks for the songs `` nothin ' on you '' by b.o.
M	-lrb- 5 -rrb- he graduated from hampton grammar school with ten gce ordinary levels and four advanced levels in physics , mathematics , applied mathematics and additional mathematics .
F	, she instructs the reader on fighting without traditional weapons , such as a sword or a staff , and in another , `` nobody likes a winer '' , she laments on the perils of alcohol .
F	on silk & soul she recorded billy taylor 's `` i wish i knew how it would feel to be free '' and `` turning point '' .
M	the english chemist john dalton published the first scientific article about color blindness in 1798 , after he found out that he suffered from color blindness himself .
F	soon after fitzgerald was born , her parents separated and she went to live in yonkers , new york with her mother and her mother 's boyfriend , joseph da silva .
F	she was born in king 's lynn , england .
F	it was her first hit single and got to number 1 in the billboard hot 100 .
F	she was active during the paris commune as an ambulance woman , she helped mutilated or injured on the barricades .
F	she will also star in open graves , a horror-thriller movie about a satanic game .
M	from 2000 to 2005 he starred in the patriot , monster 's ball , a knight 's tale , the four feathers , ned kelly , the order , and the brothers grimm .
M	speed also said that they wanted to get rid of both him and liuzzi .
M	he currently plays in the national basketball association with the detroit pistons .
F	she was a engraver , an illustrator , a woodcut-artist , and a miniaturist .
M	he grew up selling spaghetti produced by his father .
M	in 1998 , shortly before his death , he was ranked number 67 on the hockey news list of the 100 greatest hockey players .
M	holloway left with 17-year-old joran van der sloot , a dutch honors student living in aruba and attending the aruba international school , and his two surinamese friends , 21-year-old deepak kalpoe and 18-year-old satish kalpoe , in deepak kalpoe 's car .
M	after working as an on-ice official for a few years , he became head coach of the hamilton tigers for one season .
F	the main bridesmaid may be called the chief bridesmaid or maid of honor if she is unmarried , or the matron of honor if she is married .
M	he then beat these in the sprint to win gold for the isle of man .
M	hartman spent his childhood in roseville , michigan and his teen years in new baltimore , michigan .
F	in this episode , lisa deals with depression and she try 's to sublimate it by playing her saxophone .
F	soon after she started working for tna , she joined a stable called the gathering .
F	`` she came in through the bathroom window '' is a song written by paul mccartney -lrb- although credited to lennon\/mccartney -rrb- and performed by the beatles on their album abbey road as part of the abbey road medley .
M	he plays for shonan bellmare .
M	the historian theodore mommsen stated in his book history of rome that all dalmatia was fully romanised and latin speaking by the fourth century .
F	hjortsberg married the businessman erik samuel koersner in 1804 , and abraham hã 1\/4 lphers in 1811 , and after that , she danced only as a guest-artist .
M	president konarã won again in 1997 and he made big political and economic changes .
M	he plays for oriente petrolero .
M	a few weeks later , he was overthrown by general ayub khan , who then declared himself president .
F	lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful '' with a good figure .
F	she recorded her first single kappa boogie-woogie for columbia records later that year .
M	in 2009 , he finished third overall .
F	on 27 november 2007 , the bbc confirmed that she would return her role as rose tyler in the fourth series for three episodes .
M	he 's played for the new york rangers , florida panthers , philadelphia flyers , new york islanders , and new jersey devils .
M	he ruled egypt from 1279 bc to 1213 bc .
M	other notable devotees include humanitarian larry brilliant and his wife girija , as well as dada mukerjee -lrb- former professor at allahabad university , uttar pradesh , india -rrb- .
F	her estate has been scattered throughout the world .
M	there he studied bachillerato -lrb- high school -rrb- and he began his law career .
M	he plays for albirex niigata .
F	the lady says she will not !
F	john had died only a few months before her trial for witchcraft in 1612 , and she had seven children .
F	she continues to write and speak on feminist issues , including a recent memoir and history of second wave radical feminism , in our time : memoir of a revolution -lrb- 1999 -rrb- .
F	her cookbook , toll house tried and true recipes , was published in 1936 by m. barrows & company , new york .
F	she met ronald reagan in 1951 .
F	she was awarded a 2006 academy award in literature from the american academy of arts and letters .
M	when he realizes it 's too late , his only choice is to destroy the thing he has created , which is himself . ''
F	it is about a female parking attendant and the narrator 's love for her .
F	in 1948 , she traveled to france to study at the academy grand chaumiere with the sculptors ossip zadkine and henri laurens .
M	he plays for tokushima vortis .
F	the next morning , july 10 , 1861 , she died shortly after 10 o'clock after requesting a cup of coffee .
M	his older brother charles emmanuel iv abdicated in 1802 and victor emmanuel succeeded him .
M	he that shall be found guilty of cowardice in the time of engagements , shall suffer what punishment the captain and the majority of the company shall think fit .
M	he compared the memories with reports of people known to the deceased , attempting to do so before any contact between the child and the deceased 's family had occurred .
M	he was the director of the cavendish laboratory , cambridge , when the discovery of the structure of dna was made by james d. watson and francis crick in february 1953 .
M	with his appearance in the respected `` foley collection , '' the impending publication of near klamath by the english club of sacramento state college , and the death of his father , 1967 was a landmark year for carver .
F	she is most famous for her role as margaret houlihan on the m \* a \* s \* h tv series .
M	he invaded with his troops saxe-lauenburg , stopping the legal female heir , duchess anna maria franziska of saxe-lauenburg .
F	margaret thatcher writes of the two men in her foreign policy treatise , statecraft , reserving greater respect for havel , whose dedication to democracy and defying the communists earned her admiration .
F	it can also be passed from an infected mother to her baby during vaginal childbirth .
M	in 2003 , u.s. representative john conyers paid tribute to bo diddley in the united states house of representatives when he described him as `` one of the true pioneers of rock and roll , who has influenced generations '' .
F	after the war , winifred wagner was sentenced to probation by a war court because she had supported the nazi party .
M	early in 1639 , the marquis of huntly assembled his forces here , and thereafter went to kintore in lower aberdeenshire , eventually marching from there to aberdeen itself .
M	pizarro staged a mock trial and found atahuallpa guilty of revolting against the spanish and murdering huã scar , his own brother .
F	out of solidarity with her husband , mã xima 's mother also did not come to the wedding on 2 february 2002 in amsterdam .
M	he was an atheist republican and considered napolã on a hero .
M	on his release zarakolu refused to abandon his work for freedom of thought , because he wanted different thoughts and cultures to be available in turkey .
F	a woman becoming pharaoh was rare , however ; only khentkaues , sobekneferu , and neferneferuaten preceded her in known records as ruling solely in their own name .
F	she has written books , poetry , children 's books , essays , and short stories , especially in the fantasy and science fiction areas .
M	although he had no children of his own , barthold fles wrote two books for kids : slavonic rhapsody : the life of antonã n dvoå ã k -lrb- in 1948 -rrb- and east germany -lrb- in 1973 -rrb- .
F	the marriage became unhappy , and she divorced her husband .
F	she was the last person known to have been born in 1894 and the oldest ever person to have been born in that year .
F	she also played the cello and timpani .
M	when he was in buffalo , he became one of the league 's best goaltenders .
M	he was the son of aeacus , king of aegina .
F	she argues that they are human beings , and therefore deserve the same basic rights men have .
M	he was afraid it might affect his career if he did not testify .
F	in 1996 , she released a rock album called `` sokak kä zä '' .
F	candice eventually got control in the match , but lost it after a botched move from the top rope , causing her to fall on her neck , shoulder and face .
F	she was confined to a hospital in fukuoka , and eventually showed signs of recovery in august .
M	in 1993 tried to play football with vauxhall motors fc , and was about to sign a deal with them until he argued with manager alex tannin over bootlaces .
M	he said he was a member of the guard of the romanovs , and that the tsar had asked him to do this .
F	then she worked in several social professions .
M	for four decades he has worked in energy policy and related areas .
F	this episode begins with maria jackson -lrb- yasmin paige -rrb- and her divorced father , alan jackson -lrb- joseph millson -rrb- , moving into the house across the road from sarah jane smith .
M	he was one of the first patriots to advocate complete independence from britain .
M	on 11 february 2007 , yunus wrote a letter , published in the bangladeshi newspaper daily star , and he asked what people thought of creating a good government .
M	he plays for atlã tico madrid .
M	when he was 17 he went to paris and had private organ lessons with charles tournemire .
M	erwin von steinbach is credited for major contributions from 1277 to his death in 1318 .
F	when questioned , the three men said they dropped her off at her hotel and denied knowing what became of holloway .
F	she became the pm in december 1999 .
M	he has two older siblings .
F	during the french revolution , just like her brother philippe ã galitã , bathilde discovered democracy .
M	he created the characters of daffy duck , bugs bunny , and droopy .
F	sarah louise christine chalke -lrb- born august 27 , 1976 -rrb- is a canadian-american actress most famous for her role as elliot reid on scrubs and becky conner on roseanne .
M	even if jared leto is a major hollywood actor , he prefers not to use this information to `` sell '' the band and he refuses to play shows where they use his name to promote the band .
F	she was known as citoyenne vã ritã during the french revolution .
F	in january 2007 , o'connor topped the 2006 annual list of lesbianation.com â '' establishing her as the longest reigning queen of their top-ten list of `` women we love '' .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	she and percy finally cement their relationship .
M	they are kidnapped by a mad doctor called dr. heiter -lrb- played by dieter laser -rrb- after their car breaks down and they go to his house to look for help .
M	he seems to have spent most of his life wandering in the area between and including north mysore , through the maharashta , and into gujarat as far as the narmada river .
F	by season 5 , we see gabrielle reach an undisputed status as a warrior , fighting with her sai , incorporating more acrobatic ability , even performing a wall run and back flip .
M	two years later he won the gold medal at the 1990 international tchaikovsky competition in moscow .
M	everett had been calmer about slavery , but he was a strong unionist .
M	moreover , the distinction between the subjective mental act , namely the content of a concept , and the -lrb- external -rrb- object , was developed independently by brentano and his school , and may have surfaced as early as brentano 's 1870 's lectures on logic .
M	he will have a basis for judgment of his own decisions and for transformation of the organizations that he belongs to .
F	she praised the book 's style and said it was similar to the previous book in the series it sold over 100,000 copies in hardcover by the time paperback copies were released in april 2007 .
F	since 2009 , she has played sue sylvester in the fox musical-comedy series glee for which she has won an emmy award and a golden globe award .
F	in the late 1970s and early 1980s , she was a magazine editor .
F	she is perhaps best known for her role as lucy camden-kinkirk on the television series 7th heaven .
M	â `` september 16 , 1087 -rrb- , born daufer , latinized dauferius or dauphar , pope -lrb- may 24 , 1086 until his death -rrb- , was the successor of pope gregory vii -lrb- 1073 â `` 85 -rrb- ,
M	born in the french colony of saint domingue -lrb- now haiti -rrb- and raised in france as a youth , in his love for america and great works , he represented the new american people of the united states .
F	it was titled : jane austen : her life and lettersâ '' a family record .
F	for some time , she attended fullerton junior college .
M	he plays for giravanz kitakyushu .
F	she works with world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , where she appears on the smackdown brand with the name tiffany .
F	misora showed musical talent from an early age after singing for her father at a world war ii send-off party in 1943 .
M	torrico began his career in 2005 playing for iberoamericana before transferring to la paz f.c.
M	he is a right back .
M	he ordered large camps of troops at each point and instructed them to wait for the signal .
F	however , europeans did not see her works as part of the english novel tradition .
M	victor amadeus left a considerable cultural influence in turin remodelling the royal palace of turin , palace of venaria , palazzina di caccia of stupinigi as well as building the basilica of superga where he rests .
M	he has played for australia national team .
F	she also won the pritzker prize in 2010 , together with ryå `` e nishizawa .
F	she was allowed to the 2007 â `` 2008 grand prix of figure skating final in turin , italy .
F	her music at this time is different from her earlier jazz music ; for capitol she recorded brighten the corner , an album of hymns , ella fitzgerald 's christmas , an album of traditional christmas carols , misty blue , a country and western album , and 30 by ella , a series of six medleys .
M	faulkner won two pulitzer prizes for what are considered as his `` minor '' novels : his 1954 novel a fable , which took the pulitzer in 1955 , and the 1962 novel , the reivers , which was posthumously awarded the pulitzer in 1963 .
M	he would go to school on the set of growing pains , as opposed to a normal school .
M	the last phase of his political career is considered a failure .
F	genie in a bottle is a 1999 pop song by american singer christina aguilera , from her first album christina aguilera .
F	the publication of the seth books established her as an important person in the world of the paranormal .
M	he plays for sagan tosu .
F	her father was a doctor in natural medicine , and she wanted to become one too .
F	her brother , thomas d'alesandro iii , also was mayor of baltimore .
M	marulanda himself changed his political and ideological inclinations to the communist party -lrb- pcc -rrb- sometime during the period of `` la violencia '' -lrb- roughly 1948 to 1958 -rrb- that followed the assassination of the liberal party 's leader jorge eliã cer gaitã n.
F	eve is so happy that she gives wall-e a kiss .
F	although she had a lot of support , she said on 25 january 2005 that she would not contest the leadership .
F	when the creatures continue to say that father christmas is their benefactor and has entered narnia , a sign that her power is weakening , she turns them to stone .
M	he wanted to show that it was simple and that it was `` beat-up but lived-in and ultimately , it was home '' .
M	he has testified before national and state legislatures and meets frequently with government and international leaders .
M	he plays for internazionale milano and colombia national team .
F	she won as many as 25 medals , among which 11 team gold medals and 9 individual gold medals at the dubai olympiad 1986 she won all the ten games she played .
M	he regained the world # 1 ranking again in october 2008 , and officially remained # 1 until january 2010 , when he fell to # 2 behind magnus carlsen .
M	in 458 bc , he returned to sicily for the last time , visiting the city of gela where he died in 456 or 455 bc .
M	he plays for omiya ardija .
M	the centerpiece of his show was the black square , placed in what is called the red\/beautiful corner in russian orthodox tradition , the place of the main icon in a house .
F	the serb was not the only seed to exit though as iveta beneå ovã defeated maria kirilenko , martinezâ `` sanchez lost to cornet , kleybanova , kanepi , pironkova , bartoli and wickmayer all joined her on the plane home .
F	following her debut in altered states , she starred in her breakout role in e.t.
F	she went to live in england with her son bob fenner in 1996 .
M	he plays for atlã tico madrid .
F	as the granddaughter of the sovereign through the male line , she was a princess of the united kingdom and a royal highness .
F	julia fischer has won five prizes for her violin playing and three prizes for her piano playing a.o.
F	scene 3 : lulu , working as a dancer , is sitting in her dressing room with alwa .
F	her wreck has not been found , but relics , including six of her cannons and an anchor , are displayed at maritime museums worldwide .
F	her real name was maria jansson , but she was always called kisamor .
M	he was born june 23 , 1948 .
F	she met jude law when they were both working on the film shopping .
M	another inclined to defend morrell 's integrity is the writer rupert gould , who included a lengthy essay on new south greenland in his collection enigmas , published in 1929 .
M	he helped with getting an electricity supply to the village .
M	several of his books take place there , such as the hobbit and the lord of the rings .
F	spin magazine gave lungs four out of five possible stars and wrote , `` youâ ve gotta hand it to the girl : she always makes you feel something '' .
F	her parents put her in a gymnastics class after they saw her climbing up cabinets and jumping down from tables .
F	in 1695 , sophia charlotte of hanover got the district of lietzow from her husband elector frederick iii , in exchange for her estates in caputh and langerwisch , near potsdam .
F	however , when monarchy fell , she escaped russia and lived in england .
M	his family was poor .
F	eva asks her father to buy tom .
M	after wilde left the court , a warrant for his arrest was applied for on charges of sodomy and gross indecency .
M	in 1862 lipman sold his patent to joseph reckendorfer for $ 100,000 , who went to sue the pencil manufacturer faber-castell for infringement .
F	she is the daughter of asian singing star teresa carpio , with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer .
F	at zuko 's coronation , suki is reunited with her fellow kyoshi warriors , sokka and katara are reunited with their father , with the rest of the group reunited with their friends .
M	he worked with the frankie ortega trio in las vegas and at the balboa bay club in newport beach for 11 years .
F	sobekneferu , ruling six dynasties prior to hatshepsut , also did so when she ruled egypt .
M	he tells the three how he will connect his three victims together mouth-to-anus .
F	she has a son and two daughters , as well as four grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren .
F	david found out that her name was bathsheba , the daughter of eliam and the wife of uriah the hittite , who was one of david 's royal guards .
F	her autobiography , i put a spell on you , was published in 1992 and she recorded her last album , a single woman , in 1993 .
F	she is played by sarah sutton .
F	she has won a screen actors guild award for outstanding ensemble performance and the 2009 satellite award for best actress .
F	she told greenson that she visited several medical doctors to obtain what greenson considered a large variety of drugs .
F	twiggy was called `` the queen of mod '' , a label she shared with others , such as cathy mcgowan , who hosted the television rock show , ready steady go !
F	she now plays sally field 's daughter , kitty walker , on the successful abc drama , brothers & sisters , as a political campaign adviser .
M	he taught physics at the institute for advanced study at princeton , new jersey , until his death in 1955 .
M	vonnegut stared at the blank piece of paper on his typewriter all morning .
M	from this post he was called , at the end of twenty years , to the chair of moral theology in madrid .
F	she was became the burmese ambassador to india in 1960 .
M	later , in the fire nation capital , aang is seen in monk robes , standing beside zuko while he become fire lord .
M	he plays for montedio yamagata .
M	his account continues : `` at half past we were close on with the body of land to which captain johnson had given the name of new south greenland '' .
F	statues of her beloved characters ramona , henry huggins , and the huggins ' dog ribsy can be found in grant park in portland , oregon .
F	she grew up on a wisconsin farm and was studying economics at the university of chicago .
F	later , cheung made her movie debut as a young nightclub hostess in stephen chow 's king of comedy in 1999 , followed soon after by fly me to polaris .
F	the simon fraser university has awarded her one of the 2009 outstanding alumni awards for arts & culture .
M	he met other students there who became famous musicians : harrison birtwistle , alexander goehr , elgar howarth and john ogdon .
M	he was a journalist and news anchor for world news tonight on abc between 1983 and 2005 .
M	he was replaced by des o'connor .
M	santos emerges as the winner in his home state of texas , while vinick wins his home state of california .
M	he was a state senator and later the governor of georgia .
M	in 1982 he received the nobel prize in literature `` for his novels and short stories , in which the fantastic and the realistic are combined in a richly composed world of imagination , reflecting a continent 's life and conflicts '' .
F	in 1942 , she was invited to sing with the vienna state opera , where her roles included konstanze in mozart 's die entfã 1\/4 hrung aus dem serail , musetta and later mimã in puccini 's la bohã me and violetta in verdi 's la traviata .
M	during these early years , mello had no doubt that he would be a scientist when he grew up .
F	`` she 's leaving home '' is a song , written by john lennon and paul mccartney and released in 1967 on the beatles album sgt.
F	after pascal 's death , valerie married the famous publisher and philanthropist george t. delacorte jr. and spent the rest of her life supporting charitable foundations under the name valerie delacorte .
F	she was not educated as much as king henry 's wives before her , for example , catherine of aragon or anne boleyn .
M	cody garrett runnels -lrb- born june 30 , 1985 -rrb- , better known by his ring name cody rhodes , is an american professional wrestler currently signed by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- to its smackdown brand .
F	she is a fellow of the chartered society of designers , and winner of the minerva medal , the society 's highest award .
M	on pictures he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face .
M	and his mercy is on them that fear him : throughout all generations .
M	neil finn had decided to end the band to concentrate on his solo career and the finn brothers project with tim .
F	her novels have gained a reputation for their feminist outlook and sexual frankness and has been translated into english and published from india under the title , the dark abode -lrb- 2008 -rrb- -lrb- isbn : 978-81-906956-2-6 -rrb- and published from bangladesh in bengali as mithya gerosthali .
F	she later married the roman emperor leopold .
F	she told the new york times , `` i was a completely normal weight .
F	she died in 1983 .
F	she is best known as the mother of us president -lrb- elect -rrb- barack obama .
M	within spain his most popular works are the earlier works : the episodios nacionales -lrb- 46 volumes -rrb- .
F	she also had a minor part in a tv film , a pattern of roses in 1983 .
F	director otto preminger did not like monroe 's need to use natasha lytess , who coached monroe and told her opinion of monroe 's acting at the end of each scene .
M	between 1914 and 1918 , he played about 70 parts , becoming a popular actor in pre-revolutionary russian film .
F	her father 's name was hugh e. rodham ; her mother is dorothy emma howell rodham .
F	the show 's presenter and executive producer , yvette fielding said in an interview that she believes it was a fake possession .
F	in 1968 she was on the tv show university challenge , as captain of the college team .
M	war between france and britain prevented him from seeing annette and caroline again for several years .
M	there is a special chair named after him at the southern baptist samford university ; the `` billy graham professor of evangelism and church growth . ''
M	he was a grandson of louis xiv and marie therese of austria and was king of spain from 1700 â `` 1724 and again from 1724 â `` 1746 .
M	long-time brazilian gp2 regular lucas di grassi will join him .
F	when demeter went to the underworld to rescue her persephone , hades forced persephone to eat the pomegranate .
M	blake was included in group expositions at the institute of contemporary and had his first solo exposition in 1960 .
M	in 1979 , he recorded the theme song for the television show the dukes of hazzard .
F	she now presents bbc radio 1 's weekday mid-morning program .
F	her victories in both grand prix events qualified her for the 2009 â `` 2010 grand prix final in tokyo , japan , in december 2009 .
F	her work emphasized the importance of the ego and its ability to be trained socially .
M	many of his libretti were set several times by different composers .
M	he was called john ned shines when he was born , in frayser , tennessee .
F	karen sheila gillan -lrb- 28 november , 1987 -rrb- is a scottish actress best known for her role as amy pond in doctor who alongside matt smith .
F	her last name -lrb- howard -rrb- comes from her ex-husband , legendary singer-songwriter , harlan howard .
F	she was the first recipient of the award which was started on june 26 , 1975 .
F	she is married to james danforth quayle , the former vice president .
M	felipe massa was his closest rival for the championship title .
M	he became a doctor of jurisprudence , and then in 1971 passed the second state examination .
F	she is actor eric roberts ' daughter and the niece of actress julia roberts .
M	he then became chief conductor of the netherlands radio philharmonic in 1957 .
M	at the time , foca 's chief executive was bernie ecclestone and his legal advisor was max mosley .
M	he finished the season with twelve wins , allowing the fewest goals against .
F	she starred as laverne in the sitcom laverne & shirley -lrb- which aired between 1976 and 1983 -rrb- and directed multiple films including 1988 's big .
F	her father edoardo fallaci , was a famous antifascist political activist , in florence .
F	`` summer love\/set the mood prelude '' was the fourth u.s. single off the album , and the next single in the uk was `` lovestoned\/i think she knows interlude '' .
F	before this she worked in marketing for the jordan team .
M	in baseball or softball , a strikeout or strike out -lrb- denoted by so or k -rrb- happens when a batter gets three strikes when his time at bat .
F	she concluded , `` while the seriesâ purpose is for-profit entertainment , the west wing presents great pedagogical potential . ''
F	while designing clothes inspired by alice in wonderland for her abbey dawn line , lavigne told disney executives she could write a song for the film 's soundtrack .
F	after seeing the film , constance bennett reportedly quipped , `` there 's a broad with her future behind her . ''
M	the letter asked everyone to give ideas for this and to offer him help dr. yunus started a political group called citizens ' power -lrb- nagorik shakti -rrb- on 18 february 2007 .
F	she has two younger brothers , hugh and tony .
M	mani later left the elkasaites to start his own religion .
F	she tells them that a monster killed her father while they were placing an offering to the goddess .
M	this means he knew what could be made into a woodblock print , and how to work with the expert block cutters .
F	she later married frank mccarroll , the local station manager for the southern pacific railroad .
F	she then moved to sistus records , a geneon entertainment label .
F	the pilot , directed by adam bernstein , centered on the head writer of a variety show and how she managed her relationships with the show 's star and its executive producer .
M	he used to be chairman of the social democratic party of germany -lrb- spd -rrb- .
F	during her second stay at princeton , she met and married bancroft w. sitterly , who became a physics professor .
M	he was president from 1945 to 1967 , presiding with mixed success over the country 's turbulent transition to independence .
F	her last appearance was on 9 june 1819 as lady randolph in john home 's douglas .
M	he wrote several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's departure .
M	antonã n dvoå ã k told him he should be a composer .
F	the actress who played her is wendy richard .
M	and he has been nominated for five grammy awards .
F	she is a south korean singer , known for being a member of girl group kara formed by dsp entertainment in 2007 .
M	his good performance was noticed by then england coach ron greenwood .
M	in la gã omã trie , he further explores the above-mentioned concepts .
M	in 1933 , he was hired by disney for the mickey mouse short movie `` mickey 's gala premiere '' .
F	in september of 1999 , she released a second single called `` strong woman '' .
F	she became more well know when she teamed up with matt and jeff hardy as team xtreme .
F	in 2003 screenwriter katherine fugate was approached for the project , and was quoted saying that she expects the start of production to be three to five years away , which suggests a release sometime between 2006 and 2009 .
M	in his requiem , the lux aeterna -lrb- written by someone else -rrb- is the same as the introitus , with different words .
M	a coroner 's inquiry found that he was under the influence of amphetamines .
M	he was captured by the police .
M	hms endeavour , also known as hm bark endeavour , was a british royal navy ship commanded by lieutenant james cook on his first voyage of discovery to australia and new zealand from 1769 to 1771 .
M	his father worked in a gold mine by the river inambari .
M	lambert thought he had failed as a composer , and only finished two more big works in the last sixteen years of his life .
M	he was educated at the european school in brussels , ashdown house and then at eton college , where he was a king 's scholar .
M	he began the war in the continental army but later changed to the british army .
F	she also won the 2003 wimbledon championships girls ' doubles title , teaming up with alisa kleybanova of russia .
M	from 1956 to 1958 he studied in yerevan fine arts and theatre institute .
M	he became interested in the continuing high unemployment in europe and published some work about it with jean-paul fitoussi -lrb- the director of ofce -rrb- .
M	at the age of 13 , after the death of his father and the destruction of his mother 's factory by fire , mendeleev attended the gymnasium in tobolsk .
F	in 1999-2000 , as an ngo representative to the un transnational crime committee , in vienna , she helped define the un protocol to prevent , suppress and punish trafficking in persons , especially women and children , supplementing the un convention against transnational organized crime .
M	he was picked by the boston bruins with the twenty-first overall pick in the 1990 nhl entry draft .
F	she also thinks that it is bad to drink cow 's milk , people should eat fruit but not drink fruit juices , and drink only water .
M	like them , he was canonized as a martyr by the russian orthodox church outside russia in 1981 .
M	ragnar arthur granit -lrb- born 30 october , 1900 in riihimã ki , finland - died 31 march 1990 , in stockholm , sweden -rrb- was a finnish doctor and scientist who won the 1967 nobel prize in physiology or medicine for his work on the eye .
F	she used to be a member of pop group the spice girls .
M	he answered the phone , and the voice on the other end told him to get dressed , and that in half an hour his life was about to change .
M	another time in dodd 's playing career showed the thinking he would use in his coaching career .
M	several of his descendants became stadtholders .
M	he plays for zenit saint petersburg .
F	grand funk inc. is her recording studio of choice in producing for these two media .
F	she is best known for playing miley stewart on hannah montana .
M	in 1916 , for example , gilbert n. lewis wrote , in his famous article the atom and the molecule , that â the atom is composed of the kernel and an outer atom or shellâ .
M	sargent was chief conductor of the proms from 1948 until his death in 1967 .
F	it is based on the fictional world of her max and ruby books .
F	when nintendo sold super mario bros. in other countries , she was called princess toadstool .
M	when gaedel had hinted to veeck that he might be tempted to swing at a pitch , the owner promised to bring a rifle to the game and shoot him if he tried .
M	cherubini died in paris at age of 81 and is buried at pã re lachaise cemetery , just four metres from his friend chopin .
F	her stepmother described her as one of the most amiable and virtuous of women .
M	some years after divorcing aelia paetina , in 38 or early 39 ad , claudius married valeria messalina , who was his first cousin once removed and closely allied with caligula 's circle .
F	so like a great number of other female writers , austen published her books secretly .
M	he applied to be admitted to the abbey as a novice , but was turned down .
M	he plays as a winger .
M	in 1920 he was professor of the franz liszt academy in budapest .
F	when she graduated in 1812 , she began to work at the theater royal swedish opera .
F	her house in jackson , mississippi , is a national historic landmark and open to the public as a museum .
F	williams won her fourth wimbledon final on july 7 , 2007 .
M	in recognition of his extensive volunteering to the sporting community as well as business success , he was awarded honorary citizenship by the city of haifa , in 1993 .
F	michele stars in the fox television series glee , where she plays the star singer of a high school glee club , rachel berry .
F	olga also liked choosing books from what her mother read .
M	he was also the claimant king of cyprus and jerusalem .
M	adolf hitler moved against the sa and its leader , ernst rã hm , because he saw the independence of the sa and the penchant of its members for street violence as a direct threat to his power .
M	when chris boardman had another go at merckx 's reinstated record in 2000 , he beat it by slightly more than 10 metres at sea level .
F	she also said that the popular domestic novels written in the 19th century , like uncle tom 's cabin , had `` intellectual complexity , ambition , and resourceful '' .
M	he has since performed with almost all of the world 's major orchestras and conductors .
M	in the book he revealed that nightmares of james still continue to plague him .
F	she was born in paris as marie henriette bernardt , the daughter of julie bernardt and a dutch father .
F	in bengal , she is said to be the mother of ganesha , kartikeya as well of saraswati and lakshmi .
M	daniel , his mother , a sister and brother and a boarder lived in a two-room shack 20 f by 30 f.
F	their championship win was the last for coach tina theune-meyer , who months earlier had announced that she would retire at the end of the tournament .
M	he traveled the world and for a time teamed up with fred on yaqui river irregation project in mexico .
F	she flees back to the village to warn them that a giant is coming .
M	he also helped compose some of the music to the video game metal gear solid 2 : sons of liberty , and composed the theme music for the bbc 's seven wonders of the industrial world in 2003 .
M	he devoted himself to preparing works on many subjects of different sorts .
F	she is the one who found out that kagome was her sister kikyo 's reincarnation , and tells inuyasha and kagome to work together , because kagome also has the priestess powers that kikyo once had .
F	all the voices were recorded separately so taylor was the only one in the booth when she recorded her lines , which took approximately six to eight hours .
M	he was given the task of distributing some of the original copies .
M	he was stabbed 23 times .
F	modern austen scholar william galperin has noted that `` unlike some of austen 's lay readers , who recognized her divergence -lrb- difference -rrb- from realistic practice as it had been prescribed and defined at the time , walter scott may well have been the first to install austen as the realist par excellence '' .
F	one building she used was the majestic at 215 west 75th street , designed by architects schwartz and gross and completed in 1924 with hidden stairways and secret doorways .
F	the name mortenson is listed as her last name on the birth certificate , but her mother immediately had it changed to baker .
M	on his 80th birthday , 18 july 2007 , masur conducted musicians from both these orchestras at a proms concert in london , conducting music by tchaikovsky and bruckner .
F	she was the youngest child of queen victoria , and her husband prince albert .
M	seeing that he was facing difficulties , galerius made the first advances towards reconciliation .
M	he most recently worked for total nonstop action wrestling as `` the punisher '' andrew martin .
M	he taught many famous musicians , including edvard grieg , christian sinding , leoå janã ä ek , isaac albã niz , johan svendsen , felix weingartner and max bruch .
F	most of the other smurfs like her because of her beauty .
F	she was the daughter of jinnahâ s personal friend sir dinshaw petit .
M	he also established the relationship between barometric pressure and height above sea level .
M	also while at pjc , he was elected to the lancers .
M	hugo kept his artwork out of the public eye , fearing it would overshadow his literary work .
M	he was the son of thomas wedgwood iii and mary stringer and brother of josiah wedgwood .
M	he will poison the land and sea .
F	she did not accept , and moved to stockholm , learning to become a typist and stenographer .
M	the west german government investigated him in the 1960s , but was not tried .
M	he went home to pasadena .
F	two years after her disappearance , on december 4th 2010 , , maitre william bourdon , said that the investigation continues .
M	patrick explained that he could relate to the plot .
F	abigail says that she put a spell on betty so she would not wake up .
M	he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima and japan national team .
F	in 1938 she co-wrote and sang a version of the nursery rhyme , `` a-tisket , a-tasket '' .
M	he served in two high offices during his lifetime -lrb- prime minister and leader of the house of lords -rrb- .
F	starting in february 1997 , she had a weekday lunchtime show , called the jo whiley show and later the lunchtime social .
M	he was senator of the coquimbo province between 1897 and 1903 .
F	she made a journey from brixton to vauxhall .
F	when proserpina could go back to her mother , it was summer .
M	gerhard berger , -lrb- born august 27 , 1959 in wã rgl -rrb- is an austrian former formula one racing driver , who used to own 50 % of the scuderia toro rosso formula one team until he sold his share back to energy drink owner dietrich mateschitz .
F	samus takes the baby metroid with her when she leaves the planet .
F	she also wrote and starred in the award-winning play oh sister , my sister .
M	at the royal rumble , kurt angle relentlessly attacked shawn michaels after michaels had eliminated him from the royal rumble match .
M	he reformed the constitution of athens , and set it on a democratic footing in 508\/7 bc .
F	perrelli won melodifestivalen 2008 on march 15 , she represented sweden in the eurovision song contest 2008 in belgrade , serbia .
M	he had been killed in 1866 when bushrangers attacked a stagecoach on which he was traveling .
M	he has been in a number of video games including kirby 's adventure , super smash bros. , kirby 's dream land , kirby : nightmare in dream land , kirby : squeak squad , and kirby : canvas curse .
M	so the frankfurt parliament offered him the crown of germany on 3 april 1849 .
M	he is played by mel gibson .
M	he plays for arsenal .
M	to commemorate this event he started a new era called the vikrama era .
M	his first novel , our house in the last world , was published in 1983 and received the 1985 rome prize , awarded by the american academy in rome .
M	daniel waters also won an award for his screenplay , which won a 1990 edgar award .
F	this was written by martin mudrick , who saw austen as lonely , defensive , and critical of her society .
M	he appeared on buffy from 1997 to 1999 , at which point he began starring in angel , which ran until 2004 .
F	the survivors -lrb- timmy , jenny , and her parents -rrb- flee .
F	she was born january 14 , 1941 .
M	he used it to identify the several easters in his easter table .
F	she gets up and begins to pole dance .
F	as alexis laree , she was a part of a lingerie battle royal .
M	after being turned into a soulless immortal vampire , he became very well known for the evil things he did .
F	when the hallã orchestra went to austria in 1948 she played mozartâ s oboe concerto with them .
F	in 1996 she died of diabetes in beverly hills , california , at the age of 79 .
M	he said it was whedon 's personality and vision that `` sealed the deal '' for him .
M	however , injuries struck the next year and he found himself back in the ihl with the milwaukee admirals .
M	husserl also influenced martin heidegger , who was husserl 's assistant , and who husserl himself considered best suited as his successor until heidegger started supporting the nazi ideology .
M	he then wrote his narrative of four voyages , which was published the following year .
F	the questions scholars now study include : `` the revolution , war , nationalism , empire , class , ` improvement ' -lrb- of the estate -rrb- , the clergy , town versus -lrb- against -rrb- country , abolition , the professions , female emancipation ; whether her politics were tory , whig , or radical ; whether she was a conservative or a revolutionary , or occupied -lrb- kept -rrb- a reformist position between these extremes '' .
F	before that , she was the junior united states senator from new york from 2001 to 2009 .
M	at 17 , he played in bandleader eddie randle 's band for a year .
F	her most famous book is wuthering heights .
M	however , though the rumors continued , the imperial family continued to be friendly with rasputin until he was murdered on 17 december 1916 .
F	her parents , carnival workers , had left likens and her sister jenny in the care of the baniszewski family three months before her death in exchange for $ 20 a week .
M	to promote the new kindle , author stephen king has made his new book named `` ur '' only available through kindle .
M	he became well-known through his larger-scale abstract cast bronze and carved marble sculptures .
F	it is her seventh solo studio album and the follow-up to her successful 2003 album what the world needs now is love and her holiday-themed 2006 release a classic christmas .
F	she told the new yorker , `` iâ d had my eye on the show forever , the way other kids have their eye on derek jeter . ''
F	she was sometimes known as maria meneghini callas after her marriage .
F	ravel encouraged her to enter the prix de rome competition .
M	it was alleged that over a period of many years , rinpoche had used his position as a spiritual leader to induce some of his female students to have sexual relations with him .
M	he was finally given a small post in the civil service , became tutor to queen isabella ii , and was nominated senator .
F	she has also been a judge on the talent shows the x factor and america 's got talent .
F	in this book she started the use of listing the ingredients and suggested cooking times with each recipe , like all the world does now .
F	in majorca one can still visit the -lrb- then abandoned -rrb- carthusian monastery of valldemossa , where she spent the winter of 1838 -- 39 with chopin and her children .
F	she was the fifth and last child of sarah stone and stephen barton .
F	it was also her 17th grand slam title overall .
F	she is best known for co-writing and singing on the 2001 hit single touch me which she produced with rui da silva .
F	after isabella 's death , her kingdom went to her daughter joanna .
F	she has also done commercials for american express credit card .
F	alice gives her public key -lrb- & -rrb- to bob and keeps her private key secret .
M	he continually rebukes ahab for being so disobeying to the lord , and when ahab summoned all the prophets of baal against elijah at mount carmel , and set two altars for them , elijah won by calling on god and letting fire come and burn the sacrifice , and the prophets of baal were immediately killed by the israelites .
M	in may 2005 , whedon said that he would not cast wonder woman until he finished the script .
M	he was the general secretary of the spanish socialist workers ' party -lrb- psoe -rrb- from 1974 to 1997 .
M	this , in addition to the seizure of his frascati property by the french , caused him to descend into poverty .
F	the story is about the real life murder of gwen araujo , who was born as edward araujo , jr. , a transgender teenager who was murdered after some people that she knew found out that she had male sex organs .
M	he was king from 1910 to 1936 .
F	after she stopped wrestling in 2006 , she became the lead singer of punk rock band the luchagors .
M	he is the member of parliament for the havant constituency in the united kingdom .
F	she also reached the final of the itf event in vancouver but lost to stephanie dubois of canada .
F	she is the wife of the current president of the u.s. , barack obama .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from 1923 to 1929 .
M	he also wrote books on other games of mental skill : encyclopedia of games -lrb- 1929 -rrb- and das verstã ndige kartenspiel -lrb- means `` sensible cardplay '' ; 1929 ; english translation in the same year -rrb- , both of which posed a problem in the mathematical analysis of card games ; brettspiele der vã lker -lrb- `` board games of the nations '' ; 1931 -rrb- , which includes 30 pages about go and a section about a game he had invented in 1911 , lasca ; and das bridgespiel -lrb- `` the game of bridge '' ; 1931 -rrb- .
M	in 1370 , timur the lame , or tamerlane , decided to make samarkand the capital of his empire , which extended from india to turkey .
F	she arrives with a client , a professor -lrb- played by the same actor as dr. goll , lulu 's first husband -rrb- .
F	however , she was raised by the african american jazz musician don cherry , whom her mother married early in her life .
F	the romans were wary of her , and disapproved of their relationship .
F	in the final match , she lost to lita .
M	he plays for kawasaki frontale .
F	she goes on to say , `` rise against continue to muscularly confront political and personal grievances to the tune of swirling guitars , assertive rhythms , and tim mcilrath 's sandpapered vocals . ''
M	he is famous because he was mortal and a lover of the goddess aphrodite -lrb- and in roman mythology , the lover of venus -rrb- .
F	her father was thutmose i ; her predecessor was thutmose ii -lrb- her brother and husband -rrb- ; her successor was thutmose iii , the son of thutmose ii by a lesser wife .
F	her younger sister chika suguri is figure skater likewise , too .
F	her parents divorced in 1993 , and she and her younger brother matthew were raised by their mother .
F	on board , she met henri rochefort , a famous polemist , who became her friend until her death .
F	her singing of `` diamonds are a girl 's best friend '' became associated with her .
M	renoir painted during the last twenty years of his life , even when arthritis severely limited his movement , and he was wheelchair-bound .
M	he plays for catania .
M	in later years schwerin von krosigk wrote several books about economics policy and two versions of his memoirs .
F	in december 2006 , she married her long time business manager and friend , paul truong .
F	commenting that she wanted to `` push liz taylor off the magazine covers , '' she gave permission for several partially nude photographs to be published by life .
F	however , once on a visit to a museum where state carriages were displayed , olga ordered one of the servants to prepare the largest and most beautiful carriage for her daily drive .
M	his father , arthur hyde , was a church of ireland rector .
F	in it , she said bad things about mcdonald 's and said she only ate at burger king .
F	nine months after her death , her son francis stephen became holy roman emperor .
F	she was born in karachi , pakistan , then a part of british india .
M	he was a lecturer at williams college in 1883 â `` 84 and at the massachusetts institute of technology in 1884 â `` 85 .
M	mark stent was praised for his production on the song , creating a `` trippy '' feel like that found on beatles songs such as `` rain '' .
M	after confirming him in his satrapy , alexander marched against the sakas -lrb- cheemas are considered to be decadents of the sakas -rrb- and kamboja highlanders of the kunar also swat valleys known in greek texts as aspasios and assakenois -lrb- q.v.
M	allelujah is imprisoned during the four year timeskip between both seasons , but he ends up being rescued by his companions after the other three meisters reunite .
M	he also denied that f1 hopeful stefan gp had taken the campos ' car .
F	at the group session , gia openly admits she exploited her privileges , and that she has no regard for the others ' feeling .
M	2005 he joined fk austria wien .
F	she first published her works , including jane eyre , under the pseudonym -lrb- false name -rrb- of currer bell .
F	after this , she was engaged to appear at drury lane .
F	these included at least one televised first shown on march 25 , 1979 , between her and men 's champion ray martin .
F	she is the younger sister of singer loretta lynn .
F	her father was the 14th earl of strathmore and kinghorne .
M	pompey had the backing of a majority of senators , and his army significantly outnumbered the experienced caesarian legions .
F	her peak winds were 135 miles per hour .
F	she is a member of the rock group pretenders .
M	`` viva la vida '' is a song by the english band coldplay from their album , viva la vida or death and all his friends .
M	he finished fourth in the series and was top rookie .
M	it has been speculated that the reason for this was because vince mcmahon did not want the wwf to look weak while fighting the alliance , as he worked very hard to put down his competition , especially wcw .
F	she also restored the original precinct of mut , an ancient goddess of egypt , at karnak that had been ravaged by the hyksos occupation .
M	he is one of the forefathers of a movement called naturism today .
F	cahn became story editor and josh singer replaced her as staff writer .
F	she was played by janet fielding .
F	that year , she was also crowned the first `` miss california artichoke queen '' at the yearly artichoke festival in castroville .
F	but in the end , even though she was a strong player , jolanda was voted off in a 6-3 vote .
F	messing turned down a starring role in another television sitcom so she could appear in donald margulies 's two-character play collected stories .
M	he won the trophy when he was playing for the atlanta thrashers .
M	he was still in hospital when he was suspended from team t-mobile , and was dismissed on 31 july 2007 .
F	to the songs i sing the moon flickers her beams ; in the dance i weave my shadow tangles and breaks .
F	å ehrazat kemalã sã ylemezoä lu -lrb- born september 3 , 1952 -rrb- , known by her stage name å ehrazat or å ehro , is a well-known turkish television personality , composer , songwriter , producer , and singer .
M	he started conducting in 1979 with the finnish radio symphony orchestra , mainly in order to conduct his own compositions .
F	the toa struck her for this reason .
F	known as the `` first lady of the american theatre '' , she was one of only twelve people who have won all four main american entertainment awards - emmy , grammy , oscar and tony award .
F	she served from 11 march 2006 to 11 march 2010 .
M	he studied at alcalã de henares , joined the order of the blessed virgin mary of mercy on november 4 1600 , and entered the monastery of san antolã n at guadalajara , spain on january 21 1601 .
F	she lived from 757 to 817 , and was the wife of emperor trisong detsen -lrb- 740 - c. 798 -rrb- who invited padmasambhava to tibet : from the mouth of a lotus was born the swift goddess , heroic liberator who went forth in human form amid the snowy mountains of tibet .
F	for the next six years she worked in provincial companies , in particular those in york and bath .
M	he was wounded three times and awarded the iron cross ; first and second class .
M	if he gets to a base before he is called out he is safe and the next batter comes forward and tries to hit a ball from the pitcher .
M	soon he was appointed to the royal commission on indian currency and finance , where he was able to put economic theory into practice .
M	the segments added several characters as friends of slimer , including the character professor norman dweebâ '' mad scientist accompanied by a poodle named elizabeth who wanted to capture slimer to experiment on him .
F	she was pulled down by her heavy skirts , when a boat overturned .
F	she earned her degree from williams college in 1982 .
M	when he regained his senses , he found himself in an anthropologist 's dream world : an erosion-created rift with layer after layer of fossils , bones and ancient artifacts .
M	he became a refugee again when hitler invaded poland in 1939 .
M	he founded a school that was competing with that of caravaggio .
M	ralph h. baer -lrb- born march 8 , 1922 -rrb- is a german-born american inventor , famous for his contributions to the video game industry .
M	he is the member of parliament -lrb- mp -rrb- for the constituency of north east fife and the chancellor of the university of st andrews .
F	at the conclusion of the this year miss universe competition , she was crowned miss universe , becoming the second woman from japan to hold the title .
M	in 1766 banks was elected to the royal society , and in the same year he accompanied phipps to newfoundland and labrador to study their natural history .
M	he was the leader of the peopleâ s republic of china -lrb- prc -rrb- from its establishment in 1949 until his death in 1976 .
F	she went to the college of william and mary and got a degree in psychology and computer science in 1978 .
M	stride met ellard at cub scouts and he then met churchouse at school .
F	she considered it to be a magnum opus of fictional writing .
F	in the spring of 1910 , maria ivanovna vishnyakova , a royal governess , said that rasputin had raped her .
F	that was andrews first on screen nude scene and got much attention as she poked fun at her own squeaky clean image .
F	after stopping at the falkland islands because of sailors sick with scurvy , she arrived back in deptford in june 1789 .
M	he also directed staying alive -lrb- the sequel to saturday night fever -rrb- , along with rocky ii , rocky iii , rocky iv , rocky balboa , and rambo .
F	she was the daughter of khuwaylid ibn asad and fatimah bint za ` idah .
F	she gave her first recital when she was 14 in the vienna musikverein .
F	her lifelong friend dorothy burlingham and several other members of the freud family also rest there .
M	the 1971 thompson and acosta personae , on which raoul duke and dr. gonzo were basedthompson wrote that he concluded their march trip by spending some thirty-six hours alone in a hotel room `` feverishly writing in my notebook '' about his experiences .
F	the show is about a teenager , carly shay -lrb- cosgrove -rrb- , that lives with her brother spencer -lrb- trainor -rrb- .
M	in the letter to washington requesting safe passage for peggy , he wrote that `` love to my country actuates my present conduct , however it may appear inconsistent to the world , who very seldom judge right of any man 's actions . ''
F	among her male line descendents are philippe egalitã , louis-philippe i , king of the french , and prince henri , count of paris , the present orlã anist pretender to the french throne .
F	i say she shall !
F	jessica marie lunsford -lrb- october 6 , 1995 -- february 27 , 2005 -rrb- was a nine-year-old girl who was abducted from her home in homosassa , florida on february 23 , 2005 , then raped and murdered by 47-year-old john couey .
M	it was the ` young contemporaries ` exposition of 1961 where he was displayed next to david hockney and r.b kitaj that he was first identified with the young british pop art movement .
M	in 1922 he was asked to come to the united states and to join the phipps psychiatric clinic at johns hopkins hospital in baltimore , maryland .
F	during her short time at columbia , studio president harry cohn corrected a slight overbite she had .
F	in 2003 , she worked with director james kerwin to produce her play , albert hall , in hollywood .
M	around december 1834 , crockett told some of his friends that he might move to texas if martin van buren became the next president of the united states .
F	she won glowing reviews for her role as the aggressive cheerleading coach sue sylvester .
F	it was raining and i saw her feet sink into the mud at every step .
F	she was also a in the final running for the 1995 pulitzer prize for saint-exup ã ry : a biography about antoine de saint exupã ry .
M	the norwegian government gave him a pension .
M	he was the most important composer of the late burgundian school after the death of guillaume dufay .
M	the doping test after stage 17 of the 2006 tour de france showed he had a very high testosterone\/epitestosterone ratio .
M	deep economic recession dominated fitzgerald 's second term as well as his first .
M	his first wwf match was against the 1-2-3 kid and came on may 25 , 1994 in erie , pennsylvania .
M	he was a two-time stanley cup champion , winning the trophy with the bulldogs in 1913 and the areans in 1918 .
F	she has also helped to launch the samandruby charity in march 2006 .
M	when galba heard about the coup d' ã tat he went to the streets in an attempt to normalize the situation .
M	as he had no children childless , the throne of the duchy passed to the male descendant 's of ernst 's late brother albert the prince consort , husband of queen victoria .
F	after the crash she found she could sing `` a higher f than ever before . ''
M	in his spare time he read mostly novels by mickey spillane or publications such as sports afield and outdoor life and hunted and fished with friends and family .
F	later , she recorded `` strange fruit '' again for verve .
M	he plays for yokohama .
F	holly tried running towards the backstage area to escape the match 's stipulation , but was eventually stopped by victoria who would knock her out and place her onto the barber 's chair , shaving her bald .
M	at the age of 13 , he won a scholarship to winchester college .
F	she is the daughter of actress ewa frã ling and she was born in sweden .
M	he is the lead singer of the indie bands death cab for cutie and the postal service .
M	young went ashore on day two of the invasion , and became director of public safety in the first functioning allied military government - the allied control commission for italy ; in december 1943 he was given the additional role of director of security , responsible directly to the commander-in-chief for hunting saboteurs and enemy agents as well as the removal of fascist officials from public offices .
F	after her grandfather died , her father became the russian king .
M	aang refuses to be torn away from his mentor ; he writes a note for gyatso before flying away on his bison , appa .
M	in the book bagombo snuff box , vonnegut wrote that the university rejected his first thesis .
F	hermann 's mother had an affair -lrb- a romantic relationship with someone other than her husband -rrb- with von epenstein .
M	groups of up to 5,000 people would often sing in choir at his meetings .
M	his resting place is in anä tkabir with mustafa kemal atatã 1\/4 rk .
F	she was the daughter of styx and pallas and the sister of cratos , bia , and zelus .
M	his first act was to attempt to restore the old entente through a three-power alliance of england , france and belgium , directed against germany .
M	lambiel placed 4th at the european championships and he went to the olympics .
M	during his distinguished career , morgan wrote 22 books and 370 scientific papers , and , as a result of his work , drosophila became a major ` model organism ' in genetics .
M	one man agrees but he is tricked when he is introduced to the real boxer , a towering brute of a man .
F	she attended starfleet academy between 2355 to 2359 .
F	in september 2010 , michele was honored by peta for her work for animals .
F	she won that title again in 2005 and in 2006 .
M	he also divided the general populace into thirty curiae , named after thirty of the sabine women who had intervened to end the war between romulus and tatius .
M	the first translations in a western language were published in 1862 by marquis d'hervey de saint-denys in his poã sies de l' ã poque des thang .
F	tired of each other , stephenie was welcomed by koror , but most of the tribe agreed that she was a major threat after seeing her confidence and strength .
F	in 2003 , the tracks of one female lynx and her cub were spotted and followed for over 2 m. fecal material and other evidence obtained were tested and confirmed to be those of a lynx .
F	her birth name was florence -lrb- flossie -rrb- mabel kling .
F	she enjoyed reading about politics in newspapers .
M	he led new york to a stanley cup victory in 1940 .
F	she acted as tracy turnblad in the 2007 adaptation of hairspray .
F	tragedy struck when catherine parr died while having the baby in august of that year and jane served as chief mourner in her funeral .
F	after her death , her granddaughter , queen elizabeth ii , gave the house to the commonwealth secretariat , which continues to use it today .
F	she says she got the idea for the name from kathryn price nicdhã na , who had also written about it .
F	she is the first indian woman to be seeded in a grand slam tennis tournament .
F	she graduated from high school when she was 16 years old .
F	in 2000 , dushku starred in soul survivors with her race the sun co-star casey affleck .
F	in 1939 , her life with vernon was turned into a movie , the story of vernon and irene castle , produced by rko and starring fred astaire and ginger rogers .
M	this was not the first or last time owen would deliberately claim a discovery as his own , when in fact it was not .
M	he later became minister of trade and commerce .
F	ss yongala was a passenger ship that sank off cape bowling green on 23 march , 1911 on its way to from melbourne , australia to cairns she entered into a cyclone and sank without a trace south of townsville .
F	she goes with her aunt jessica , who raised her when her parents disappeared .
F	she had been asked to send them by snls head writer adam mckay .
F	from 2007 to 2009 , she starred in two harry potter films and their video games .
F	she had to travel around mississippi for her job .
M	in 1918 , he was the first man in charge of the royal air force for a short time .
M	he was the grandson of otto wilhelm von struve and the great-grandson of friedrich wilhelm von struve .
M	cook wrote that it was lieutenant zachary hickes who first saw land , and cook named the point after him .
M	: suck his your my -rrb- penis .
M	he looked around the studio and found the telephone directory yellow pages .
F	john kennedy 's supposed mistress judith exner , in her 1977 autobiography , also wrote about an affair that she said the president and monroe had .
F	her great-grandfather founded the hilton hotels .
M	referred to as `` le concombre de chicoutimi '' -lrb- the `` chicoutimi cucumber '' -rrb- for his cool actions on the ice , he was also known as `` l'habitant silencieux '' -lrb- the `` silent habitant '' , habitant being a nickname for the canadiens -rrb- , because of his quiet personality .
M	in , he went 20-6 with a league leading 1.72 era .
F	she was nominated for latin grammy awards , but lost to christina aguilera 's mi reflejo .
M	his first single , `` coming true '' , sold double platinum , and his self-titled album , released in december 2004 , topped the swedish pop charts .
F	she is an american figure skater .
M	while trying to start a fire , skupin breathed in smoke and fainted , falling into the fire getting really bad burns to his hands .
M	during the match , flair and mvp brawled outside the ring , leaving edge on his own against batista .
F	peace was not achieved until french forces in north america were vanquished at the battle of the plains of abraham at quebec city , and france ceded most of her claims outside of the caribbean .
M	mccartney provided the fourth verse of the song , a short piano piece he had been working on by himself , with lyrics about a commuter whose uneventful morning routine leads him to drift off into a dream .
M	in valencia , hamilton qualified on pole position for the first time in the season , and his team-mate , heikki kovalainen qualified second .
M	he played his entire nhl career in montreal .
M	his denial of insanity is based on his systemic actions and precision - a rational explanation for irrational behavior -lrb- murder -rrb- .
F	margaret hilda thatcher , baroness thatcher lg , om , pc , frs -lrb- born margaret hilda roberts , 13 october 1925 -rrb- was the first female prime minister of the united kingdom , a post she held from 1979 to 1990 .
F	they return together , and lucy tells peter and susan about how she went to narnia again -lrb- this time with edmund -rrb- , but edmund denies it .
M	his teachers were antoine franã ois marmontel , albert lavignac , ã mile durand , cã sar franck -lrb- for the organ -rrb- and jules massenet -lrb- for composition -rrb- .
F	she fared much better in the doubles , reaching the quarterfinals in mixed with her partner mahesh bhupathi and the quarterfinals in the women 's doubles with bethanie mattek , including a win over number two seeds lisa raymond and samantha stosur .
F	she also makes a big scene in front of all the campers when she realized that percy was alive .
M	he is the son of professional musicians monika , a german , and jorge , a uruguayan .
F	she and jimmy fallon became co-anchors of snl 's weekend update segment .
M	he was unable to become a pilot in the united states air force because he could not see well enough .
F	she is the first woman elected to congress from oklahoma since 1921 .
M	he is sorted into gryffindor house by the sorting hat and becomes friends with classmates ron weasley and hermione granger .
M	in 1862 he studied at the atelier of swiss artist marc-charles-gabriel gleyre , where he met frã dã ric bazille , claude monet , and pierre-auguste renoir .
M	fuzã '' lã was born around 1483 in what is now iraq ; he was probably born in either karbalä â or an-najaf .
F	before debuting with shinee , jonghyun sang a duet , `` wrongly given love '' -lrb- ä é '' ç ç -rrb- , with zhang liyin for her debut chinese album i will .
F	in later years balukas explained that she `` almost never went to the pool hall and if i did go , i did n't play .
M	he finishes by saying , `` rise against may be nervous about leaving the underground behind , but with sharp songs like these , they 're ready for the rest of the world . ''
M	he got his b.
M	ledger attended guildford grammar school , where he had his first acting experiences .
M	he is often called franã ois couperin le grand -lrb- the great -rrb- because he was the most famous of the couperin family .
M	he plays for matsumoto yamaga .
F	perry said that `` firework '' is her favorite song on teenage dream .
M	his rewards during life from the brazilian state were minor ; but his reputation now stands high .
F	she died of cancer on 14 september 1956 .
M	he discovered the electron and isotopes , and invented the mass spectrometer .
M	after a two year break , ray j returned to recording studios , adding the finishing touches on his third studio album raydiation with help from producers such as rodney jerkins , timbaland , and r. kelly .
M	immediately after winning the match , alekhine announced that he was willing to give capablanca a return match , on the same terms that capablanca had required as champion â `` the challenger must provide a stake of us $ 10,000 , of which more than half would go to the defending champion even if he was defeated .
F	the editors at lippincott told lee that she would probably sell only several thousand copies .
M	alcock was one of the leading pre-reformation churchman ; he was a man of deep learning and also a great architect .
F	she co-starred jim carrey in the majestic movie , played cybil bennett in horror movie silent hill and amanda dunfrey in the mist .
F	jo raquel tejada -lrb- born september 5 1940 -rrb- , usually called by her artistic name raquel welch , is an american actress and model who became famous during the 1960s as one of the most beautiful women in hollywood .
F	she is currently appearing as jal fazer in skins .
M	he died in paris on september 5th , 1857 and is buried at the famous cimetiã re du pã re lachaise .
M	he even made slave-girls of gold to wait on him and do his bidding .
M	he was the only major black actor in the american film industry at the time .
F	she wanted to focus on the view , while wesson , donaldson , manthey , calaway , and brkich placed 18th , 12th , 10th , 7th , and 1st .
M	while there he meets a young half-black boy by the name of arthur stuart , the son of a slave and a slave-owner who has been taken in by the owners of the town 's guesthouse .
F	she starred as carol brady in the brady bunch between 1969 and 1974 .
M	he spent 18 years as conductor of the city of birmingham symphony orchestra -lrb- cbso -rrb- , from 1980 to 1998 .
M	he is a red fox and the main character of the series .
M	despite rumors , encouraged by some islamic publications and websites , cousteau did not convert to islam , and when he died he was buried in a roman catholic christian funeral .
F	in 1973 , at fourteen , balukas successfully defended her straight pool u.s. open title .
M	he lives in new york city .
F	o'connor raised funds for the movie by selling autographed photos and a few of her personal paintings on ebay .
M	nolan and his brother jonathan wrote a script , based on a treatment written by himself and david s. goyer .
M	instead of becoming angry , he accepted it with good grace and expressed his feelings in song .
F	with few options left , grace approached dougherty 's mother and suggested that jim marry her so that she would not have to return to an orphanage or foster care .
M	after throwing taka out the ring and baseball sliding into him , ã guila hit an moonsault outside the ring , but was soon hit by a springboard crossbody after taka reversed a suplex from the end of the ring .
M	he plays for kyoto sanga .
M	hannibal marched around his opponentâ s left side and cut flaminius off from rome .
F	fey has a scar a few inches long on the left side of her chin and cheek .
F	her books were written in the 1930s by edward stratemeyer , founder of the stratemeyer syndicate .
F	shirley spent most of her early life in california .
F	after they were killed by the bolsheviks , it was discovered anastasia and her sisters were all wearing amulets with rasputin 's picture and a prayer on it .
F	hera almost caught io and zeus together , but zeus hid io by turning her into a cow .
M	hooke was in demand to settle many of these disputes , due to his skill as a surveyor and his tact as an arbitrator .
M	randy orton defended his wwe championship against triple h and john cena in a triple threat match next .
F	tommy boyce -lrb- born sidney thomas boyce in 1939 -rrb- and bobby hart -lrb- born robert luke harshman in 1939 -rrb- wrote and produced hit records for the monkees -lrb- `` last train to clarksville '' , `` valleri '' -rrb- , jay and the americans -lrb- `` come a little bit closer '' -rrb- , chubby checker -lrb- `` lazy elsie molly '' -rrb- , and for themselves , with `` i wonder what she 's doing tonight '' and other songs .
F	after she went back , she became very famous in france and was liked by audiences and talk-show hosts .
F	she was known for her roles in the suite life of zack & cody -lrb- as max -rrb- , cheaper by the dozen -lrb- as sarah baker -rrb- , and step up -lrb- as camille gage -rrb- .
F	she starts the fifth grade in the beginning of 1991 and she reunites her friends and her family .
M	an advisor later explained that brown 's emotional behavior was caused by his use of a maori tradition , which brown said was not true .
M	meanwhile , charles beckendorf charges straight ahead into the ant swarm as he tries to take back a huge bronze dragon 's head , but immediately is pinched in the leg and has acid spit on his face .
F	she was pun onto the ship virginie on the 8th of august , 1873 , to be deported to new caledonia where she arrived 4 months later .
M	west also runs his own record label called good music .
M	after graduating from the university of salamanca , he moved to the us in 1961 to study for a phd at columbia university .
M	montresor tells fortunato he has bought a special rare wine called amontillado but wants fortunato to test it to be sure it is real .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	she is a distant cousin of fellow actor , crispin bonham-carter , who played mr. bingley in the bbc 's production of pride and prejudice in 1995 .
F	samus aran goes to a planet called sr388 when the galactic federation told her to exterminate the metroids that live on it .
F	her mother is ena .
M	as a very private man , longfellow did not believe in adding autobiographical elements to his poetry .
M	margaret fuller judged him `` artificial and imitative '' and lacking force .
F	she is a korean-american singer .
M	he goes out to get a pizza and does not come back .
M	messiaen had also been composing a concerto for four musicians he felt particularly grateful to : his wife loriod , the cellist mstislav rostropovich , the oboist heinz holliger and the flautist catherine cantin .
M	in return , the devil says , faust must give him his soul .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	in particular in the tao of physics he makes the assertion that physics and metaphysics are both inexorably leading to the same knowledge .
F	before she can leave , though , ferrando arrives and again woos her .
M	he plays for vegalta sendai .
F	gellar found out that she needed permission from the government to take the sword out of the country .
M	he was traded to hamilton for the 1921-22 season and traded from hamilton to saskatoon of the west coast hockey league in 1922 .
M	so he asked his helpers where the messiah would be born .
F	in 1933 , she met bob hope the first time in a manhattan nightclub .
F	during eliza 's escape , she meets her husband , george harris , who had run away before her .
M	his father was a successful goldsmith from ajtã s , near gyula in hungary .
M	on his return to new york in june , arnold made a variety of proposals for continuing to attack essentially economic targets in order to force the americans to end the war .
M	he was first made mayor of the new ottawa on november 13 , 2000 .
M	haitink studied music at the conservatoire in amsterdam , the town where he was born .
F	she was the first indian woman to reach the fourth round of a grand slam tournament at the 2005 u.s. open , defeating mashona washington , maria elena camerin and marion bartoli .
F	by the age of sixteen , hahn had completed the curtis institute 's university requirements , but elected to remain at the institute for several more years to pursue additional elective courses , until her graduation in may of 1999 with a bachelor of music degree .
M	amonasro , who has been listening secretly , then comes out of hiding and reveals that he is the king of ethiopia .
M	he was the son of desmond fitzgerald , the first minister for external affairs of the irish free state following independence from the united kingdom in 1922 .
M	before bahã ` u 'll ã h said he had a message from god , he was a member of the religion that was started by the bã b.
F	kirstie louise alley -lrb- born january 12 , 1951 -rrb- is an american actress famous for her role in the tv show cheers , where she played rebecca howe from 1987-1993 , winning an emmy as the outstanding lead actress in a comedy series for 1991 .
F	she was renamed and sold in 1775 , but was used as a troop transport during the american revolutionary war .
F	in 2005 , she appeared in eating with ... sadie frost on bbc2 .
F	three years later she did give birth to a son .
F	she is known for her use of imagery , or ability to paint pictures with words .
F	when mary is sent to special education , she makes a new best friend , the tomboyish and equally socially-awkward helen lewengrub -lrb- emmy laybourne -rrb- .
F	she was the winner of the first season of the television show american idol .
F	she then dated nicholas tse in early 2002 , but they split up late that year .
F	then the witch 's army outnumbered very quickly , and she is soon killed by aslan , while the leftover of the enemies either give themselves up or take to flight .
M	he personally made similar comments in 1993 .
M	the li bai memorial -lrb- located at his birthplace , zhongba town of northern jiangyou county -rrb- is a museum in memory of the chinese poet of the tang dynasty , li bai .
F	later on the woman from the temple comes to chiron , it is revealed she is deianeira .
M	in 1860 he published chess praxis , a supplement to his 1847 work the chess player 's handbook .
F	this conflict eventually led to the destruction of her family , with caligula as the sole male survivor .
M	he was a very important painter for religious symbolism in russian art .
M	his granddaughter hã lã ne langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris and his grandson , pierre joliot , who was named after him , is a noted biochemist .
M	monroe and miller became friends with montand and his wife , actress simone signoret .
M	he exerted a remarkable amount of authority in the city and over the city council , such that he has -lrb- rather ignominiously -rrb- been called a `` protestant pope '' .
M	he is fourteen by the end of the series .
F	she was nominated for the academy award for best actress for acting in mogambo -lrb- 1953 -rrb- .
F	leah remini -lrb- born june 15 , 1970 -rrb- is an american actress , best known for her role as carrie heffernan on the sitcom the king of queens .
M	some people think that this to do with the curse upon jeconiah as evidence of god 's miraculous working , saying that only by a virgin birth could jesus have joseph as a legal father , but avoid the curse through jechoniah that none of his descendants would prosper and sit on the throne of david .
F	this was a song written by her bass player straight after they heard the news of king 's death .
M	he became the major shareholder of hearts in 2004 .
F	she was also concerned with moral problems , like samuel johnson , who strongly influenced her .
M	after , he wrote many poems about his daughter 's life and death .
F	when she returns , hardly any time has passed in the normal world , and when the other children check the wardrobe , it does not lead to `` narnia '' .
M	chairul nidom , a virologist at airlangga university 's tropical disease center in surabaya , east java , did some independent research : he tested the blood of 10 apparently healthy pigs housed near poultry farms in west java where avian flu had broken out , nature reported .
M	he plays for tokushima vortis .
F	for the rest of her life , irene was a staunch animal-rights activist , ultimately founding the illinois animal shelter `` orphans of the storm '' , which is still active .
F	she is buried alongside her husband and son in the private british royal burial grounds at frogmore , directly behind the mausoleum of queen victoria and prince albert , in windsor great park .
M	despite his profound effect on persian life and culture and his enduring popularity and influence , few details of his life are known , and particularly about his early life there is a great deal of more or less mythical anecdote .
F	terry ellis -lrb- born september 5 , 1963 in houston , texas , u.s. -rrb- is an african-american r&b singer best known for her work with the quartet en vogue .
M	he is currently the captain and eleven-time all-star shortstop for the new york yankees .
F	at the 2007 u.s. open , she reached the third round before losing to anna chakvetadze for the third time in recent weeks .
F	she set up and ruled a monastery at ely in 673 , and , when she died , a shrine was built there to her memory .
F	she also co-stars in the disney channel animated series , fish hooks .
F	allegra inherited this stake , worth around half a billion dollars , when she turned 18 in 2004 .
M	he then fell in to a -lrb- kayfabe -rrb- coma .
F	at the age of 9 -lrb- 1991 -rrb- , liljeberg began her acting career when she won a role in the series sunes jul.
M	eisenstein was then able to impress stalin again for `` one more chance '' , and he chose , from two offerings , the job of a film of alexander nevsky , with music composed by sergei prokofiev .
F	it is regarded as shameful if the girl be not found a virgin on her wedding day .
M	german historian ernst kornemann , in his rã mische geschichte -lrb- roman history -rrb- -lrb- 2 vols .
M	he also had expressed a dislike for touring , an activity which he characterised as `` pimping '' .
F	she signed a contract with nbc in may 2003 .
M	he currently works for the smackdown , superstars and nxt brands as a ring announcer .
F	she performed a triple flip-triple toe loop combination , a triple lutz jump and a double axel jump .
F	during her high school years , messing acted and sang in a number of high school productions .
F	at one time , she co-hosted an infomercial for rug doctor carpet cleaning products .
F	the russian orthodox church canonized her as a passion bearer after her death .
M	the match 's finish came when triple h countered cena 's fu into a pedigree , but when he covered cena , orton punted on triple h 's head and himself pinned cena to retain his wwe championship .
M	he was frustrated at the fame he gained through commercial art , when he most wanted to concentrate on more lofty projects that would ennoble art and his birthplace .
F	marge injures her shoulder in the semi-finals and she is told that she wil never sweep again and that the american mixed curling team must concede the gold medal to sweden .
M	from 1969 to 1984 , he was conductor -lrb- music director -rrb- of kent opera .
M	was written to commemorate -lrb- remember -rrb- his best friend arthur hallam , a fellow poet and classmate at trinity college , cambridge , who was engaged to tennyson 's sister , but died from a cerebral hemorrhage before they were married .
M	he plays for manchester united and korea republic national team .
M	former tennessee gubernatorial candidate carl `` twofeathers '' whitaker , who claims partial native american ancestry and is known for his strong support of the minuteman movement , has appeared on the show , as has conservative native american activist david yeagley .
M	dandurand would later describe vã zina as sitting in his corner of the dressing room with `` tears rolling down his cheeks .
F	she sang `` je ne sais quoi '' in eurovision song contest 2010 .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	his biographical entries are included in who 's who in america and who 's who in the world among other scholarly and literary reference works .
M	he wrestled in over 500 matches .
M	in 1920 he proposed explicitly a research project in metamathematics , which became known as hilbert 's program .
F	in her nine years in charge of germany , they won three european titles , two bronze medals in the olympics , and the 2003 world cup .
M	like james stewart , cagney became so familiar to the public that they usually referred to him as `` jimmy '' cagney .
F	in an interview with strings magazine conducted in 1999 , hahn cited several people as being influential on her development as a musician and a student .
M	he did not believe in hard physical practices .
F	she has won 10 wta singles titles and 4 wta doubles titles and has made over $ 6,906,000 in prize money .
M	this unsuccessful flight won him a 2008 darwin award .
M	over the next eight seasons , he became the club 's central defender .
F	after she was murdered in the russian revolution of 1917 , she was canonized as a passion bearer by the russian orthodox church .
F	she has been described as a `` trailblazer , a child prodigy , a loner who rebelled against dress codes for womenâ '' the pool equivalent of billie jean king . ''
F	after her father 's death , princess victoria stayed with queen alexandra at sandringham house as her mother 's companion .
M	he is most well known for his connection to the salem witch trials .
M	he says he is a socialist and a friend of venezuelan president hugo chã vez .
M	he was the member of parliament -lrb- mp -rrb- for the woodspring constituency in the house of commons of the united kingdom , and since 2010 has represented north somerset .
F	she left in good spirits , saying she was glad she was not the first person voted out -lrb- she was the last woman to be called onto a tribe , and she barely survived the first tribal council against jolanda -rrb- .
M	each consul was accompanied in every public appearance by twelve lictors , who displayed the magnificence of the office and served as his bodyguards .
M	kane and his cousin were charged with second-degree robbery , fourth-degree criminal mischief , and theft of services .
F	a month after the best damn tour was completed , lavigne began recording in her home studio in november 2008 with the song `` black star '' .
M	bell then sold the stradivarius violin that he had at the time for a little more than two million dollars and bought the gibson ex huberman for a little under the four million dollar asking price .
F	in the letter , she described a moment of joy , even though she was sad , lonely , and worried about her sick brother alexei : `` we played on the swing , that was when i roared with laughter -lrb- laughed loudly -rrb- , the fall was so wonderful !
M	fox found out he had parkinson 's disease in 1991 , and informed this to the public in 1998 .
F	her cellular phone and her bag were later found on the lanchid bridge .
F	her father , francis van arnum brown , was a meat salesman .
F	in the next game schiavone broke her opponents serve but touched the net after hitting the winner , meaning the point went to kutznetsova , when holding three break points .
F	her siblings are george w. bush , who is the 43rd president , jeb bush , neil bush , marvin bush , and the late robin bush , who died of leukemia in 1953 .
F	chiburdanidze lost her crown to the young chinese player in manila by 8 â 1\/2 â `` 6 â 1\/2 .
M	he was chosen as the most valuable player in the big ten conference in 1934 .
M	he moved to lutheran saxe-coburg-gotha with his future 3rd wife adele , where he lived the last 13 years of his life in coburg .
M	under the libel act 1843 , queensberry 's acquittal rendered wilde legally liable for the considerable expenses queensberry had incurred in his defense , which left wilde bankrupt .
M	he is the most successful singer in thailand , as he sold more than 20 million albums .
F	she is also a member of the band kurobara hozonkai under the nickname yui-el .
M	he finished the playoffs with a 1.53 goals-against average .
F	she suffered another miscarriage in december 1958 , as filming was completed .
M	the games are set in the fantasy world of kanto and follow the adventure of the main character , red , in his quest to learn pokã mon battling .
F	her first primetime tv job was on the critic , followed by directing for king of the hill .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	she competes in heptathlon , long jump and pentathlon .
M	though taken down with fever , cervantes refused to stay below , and begged to be allowed to take part in the battle , saying that he would rather die for his god and his king than keep under cover .
F	she settled in paris .
F	she told the police that she shot cooke in self-defense .
M	the name of his program was called piper 's tune .
M	in biology he asserted charles darwin 's theory of evolution unswervingly , and set about to prove darwin 's hypothesis that man arose in africa .
F	in 2004 , she formed the musical duo the wreckers with fellow musician jessica harp .
M	his arguments and theses were set against the threats that he saw attacking the theoretical foundations of marxism .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	he claimed that it was reported by reliable witnesses that crawford was `` drunk , acted without orders , and should have been court-martialled '' .
F	in 1975 , meir was awarded the israel prize for her services to the state of israel .
F	taylor died on march 23 , 2011 , surrounded by her four children at the same medical center in in los angeles , california , at the age of 79 .
F	she was the only featured singer at the 2009 presidential inauguration of barack obama .
F	over the course of her study , goodall found evidence of mental traits in chimpanzees such as reasoned thought , abstraction , generalization , symbolic representation , and even the concept of self .
F	she also said that they had transported her to the top of a hayrick by her hair .
F	in 1950 , lee moved to new york city , where she worked as a clerk for british overseas airways corporation .
F	she was born stanley ann dunham in fort leavenworth , kansas and later known as dr. s. ann dunham soetoro .
M	he is mentioned in the palermo stone inscriptions among a small number of kings of lower egypt .
M	he plays for real zaragoza .
F	at first she was going to go on stage and dance but , intimidated by some local dancers , she decided to sing instead .
M	on april 8 , 1955 , journalist edward r. murrow interviewed greene and his wife amy , as well as monroe , at the greenes ' home in connecticut on a live telecast of the cbs program person to person .
M	he became an important figure almost immediately in the parliamentary party and his liberal ideas were seen as a counterweight to the conservative leader , liam cosgrave .
M	because of his off-season events , robinson went to training camp thirty pounds overweight .
F	when one reporter asked her whether she wanted her daughter , margaret , to become president .
F	her mother is edith sarfati , a nurse , and her father is marc sarfati , a deli owner .
M	he presented these ideas during the first meeting of the newly created international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- .
F	she released her first music album titled mizutamari ni utsuru sekai in 2000 .
F	between 1948 and 1950 , she developed a theory : these mobile elements regulated genes by inhibiting or modulating their action .
M	vince called mitch out last , who throughout the match he called all four members one-by-one , instead mitch was thrown out from the curtain by shawn michaels .
F	according to the lawsuit filed by the kalpoe brothers , she has -lrb- on various television programs -rrb- repeatedly accused them , and joran van der sloot , of `` sexual assault '' and `` gang rape '' of her daughter .
F	she especially enjoyed the st. nicholas magazine -lrb- which carried her first published stories -rrb- , the works of beatrix potter , and the novels of gene stratton porter , and in her teen years , herman melville , joseph conrad and robert louis stevenson .
F	thornton made her television acting debut on the pilot episode of the fox sitcom , quintuplets .
F	it came out in her album oral fixation vol .
F	in 1909 her father died so she inherited some money which she used to have singing lessons .
M	he died of smallpox at the age of 15 .
F	-lrb- see meta : knocking her dead one on the nose each and every double trey for an example .
M	he formed a company to manufacture new tires .
M	when he was 13 years old , he moved with his family to connecticut , in the united states .
M	severus was quickly captured and executed by maximian , who had once again been elevated to the rank of co-emperor , this time by his son maxentius .
F	she is best known for her pioneering work on the politics of rape in against our will : men , women , and rape -lrb- http://www.susanbrownmiller.com/html/against_our_will.html -rrb- -lrb- 1975 -rrb- .
F	it is from her second studio album , 21 .
F	in the big brother house , she and another participant , micke , became involved in a relationship which was followed closely by the producers .
F	by 1920 she had got a good reputation in the south and along the eastern seaboard .
M	his lecture was printed later that year in the society 's yearbook .
M	he is normally in command of a brigade , about 3,000 men .
M	he plays for west ham united and united states national team .
F	usually , the female builds the nest , and the male helps her .
M	he was elected an frs in 1921 .
F	she , with a number of the artist 's friends , had been a model for le dã jeuner des canotiers -lrb- luncheon of the boating party , 1881 -rrb- .
M	in 1969 , he married the pianist viktoria postnikova .
F	as she gains headway , however , the police bust into the club and arrest her .
F	she is known by a lot of people for playing martha jones on the television series doctor who and also in its spin-off series torchwood .
M	he was asked to write about a racehorse that had jumped a fence and tried to run away .
M	mullah mohammed omar -lrb- pashto : ù his name is often shortened to mullah omar .
M	after he got to the united states , he wrote a novel about convict life called moondyne : an australian tale , whose main character was called moondyne joe .
M	he later worked as the gate security guard at the home of bob hope .
F	her performance in tokyo kiddo -lrb- 1950 -rrb- , in which she played a street orphan , made her symbolic of both the hardship and the national optimism of post-world war ii japan .
F	she was born january 4 , 1957 in pikeville , kentucky .
M	lieutenancies became more organised soon , probably in the reign of his successor edward vi , their establishment being approved by the english parliament in 1550 .
M	he plays for sony sendai .
F	in 1977 guitar player martin simpson worked with her in the recording studio for three albums .
M	he has played for ghana national team .
M	he was descended , through his mother , from the alcmaeonid family .
M	he ran 5 races that year .
M	the show was presented by sir terry wogan who fronted wutw from 4th january 1993 ; he had previously presented the breakfast show between 1972 and 1984 , but the title wutw was only added at the start of his second term .
M	leonov thinks the first boom he heard was that of the jet breaking the sound barrier , and the second was gagarin 's plane crashing .
M	samson saw a pretty philistine woman while he walked through timnah .
M	fiorito said he did not know his films were illegal in the united states and that his films often contained chocolate instead of feces to appease some of his actors who were willing to appear in scat films but not actually eat fecal matter .
M	christopher george latore wallace -lrb- may 21 , 1972 â `` march 9 , 1997 -rrb- , better known by his stage name , the notorious b.i.g.
M	in 1851 he became a professor at the cologne conservatory .
F	in the first practice mix , `` her majesty '' followed `` mean mr. mustard '' -lrb- on the released version of the album , `` her majesty '' begins with the excised final chord of `` mean mr. mustard '' -rrb- .
F	the champion , beth phoenix was set to defend her title against melina .
F	the series began in april 2008 , and after several cameos , piper made her official return as rose in the series four final episodes turn left , the stolen earth and journey 's end .
F	in its second season episode `` the midterms '' , president bartlet admonishes fictional radio host dr. jenna jacobs for her views regarding homosexuality at a private gathering at the white house .
M	the normative christology of the assyrian church was written by babai the great -lrb- 551 -- 628 -rrb- and is clearly different from the accusations of dualism directed toward nestorius : his main christological work is called the ` book of the union ' , and in it babai teaches that the two qnome -lrb- essences -rrb- are unmingled but everlastingly united in the one parsopa -lrb- personality -rrb- of christ .
M	joe cocker , obe -lrb- born 20 may 1944 -rrb- is an english rock\/blues singer who came to popularity in the 1960s , and is most known for his gritty voice and his cover versions of popular songs , particularly those of the beatles .
M	he plays for yokohama f. marinos .
M	in an extension of his ionic theory arrhenius proposed definitions for acids and bases , in 1884 .
F	she studied piano with her mother at home , composing short works of her own and then began studying at the paris conservatoire .
M	the house in the park then became the viceregal lodge , the `` out of season '' residence of the lord lieutenant -lrb- also known as the viceroy -rrb- , where he lived for most of the year from the 1820s onwards .
F	since she debuted in 1998 with `` poker face , '' hamasaki sold more than 50 records in japan .
F	after mark latham resigned as leader in january 2005 , she was seen as a possible new leader , along with kim beazley and kevin rudd .
F	it was released as the second single from her album , greatest hits ...
F	polgar sued in the court of arbitration for sport in lausanne , switzerland for monetary damages and the restoration of her title .
F	after high school , she went to the atlantic theater company .
F	toph , despite being blind , is extremely perceptive of the world around her due to her connection to the earth .
F	she also praised rangel 's colony era work which was used `` to denounce colonial dictatorship , '' and pointed out that many of rangel 's photographs had been banned until mozambique 's independence .
F	she polled 32 % compared with beazley 's 25 % and kevin rudd 's 18 % .
F	however , later research showed that stowe did not actually read many of the works inside the book until after her novel was published .
M	he then gathered most of the right wing of the old national liberal party into the german people 's party -lrb- , dvp -rrb- , with himself as chairman .
F	lansbury played jessica fletcher in the television series murder , she wrote .
M	following a contract dispute that lead to him requesting a trade out of carolina , babchuk turned back to russia on 19 september 2009 , re-signing with kontinental hockey league -lrb- khl -rrb- club avangard omsk .
M	when he won the french open in 1989 , chang had a very famous semi-final match with ivan lendl .
M	his ally suleiman the magnificent sent a doctor , who cured the patient with yoghurt .
F	in the year of her election , 1916 , the everett massacre happened .
F	kate cary owns three cats , which she revealed on the warriors website .
F	she was first elected for peckham in a by-election in 1982 .
F	on 28 march 1964 she married a dutch nobleman , wildlife photographer baron hugo van lawick .
F	she was born as etta lucille reid in caldwell county , north carolina of african american , native american , and european american origin .
F	days earlier on 6 may 1997 , lawless inadvertently exposed a breast as she concluded a performance of the us national anthem at an nhl hockey game in anaheim , california between the mighty ducks and detroit red wings .
M	norwood also worked with the neptunes , rodney jerkins and lil ' kim , and several other producers and singers for his second studio album this ai n't a game .
F	she joined mbc 's hunters , along with ss501 's kim hyun joong , jung yong hwa , lee hwi jae , shin jung hwan and two professional hunters to catch overpopulated wild boars that have become a dangerous threat to people and crops .
F	most spontaneous abortions occur so early in the pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that she was pregnant .
F	she was born april 23 , 1960 near wilmington , delaware .
M	as a result , commodus appeared even more rarely in public , preferring to live on his estates .
M	in 1599 , he published the first part of guzmã n de alfarache .
F	she starred as alex in the nbc drama sisters .
F	they were so impressed by her performance opposite hercules : the legendary journeys star kevin sorbo that they signed her for a starring role in darkman ii : the return of durant .
F	she had 20 # 1 singles on the billboard r&b singles chart and two # 1 hits on the billboard hot 100 : `` respect '' -lrb- 1967 -rrb- and `` i knew you were waiting -lrb- for me -rrb- '' -lrb- 1987 -rrb- , a duet with george michael .
F	in 1994 , she released her third album `` ben bã yle aå k gã rmedim '' and with this album , she has became one of the most successful songwriters .
F	she is generally regarded by egyptologists as one of the most successful pharaohs , reigning longer than any other woman of an indigenous egyptian dynasty .
F	`` goodby , '' she wrote to a friend in the winter of 1917 .
M	-lrb- some scholars may be wrong because they call him as trdat iv as a result of the fact that tiridates i of armenia reigned twice .
F	moss also supports the elton john aids foundation , the hoping foundation , the lucie blackman trust , make poverty history , comic relief and homes of hope which her close friend sadie frost also supports .
F	she left on 26 december , rounded the cape of good hope on 13 march 1771 , and reached the english port of dover on 12 july , having been at sea for nearly three years .
M	eventually , he became professor of philosophy there .
F	in her own time , she took memorable photographs .
M	d. which he obtained in 1968 .
F	in japan , her name was always peach .
F	on 1 may 2009 she was appointed britain 's poet laureate .
M	he was leader of the ulster unionist party -lrb- uup ; 1995 â `` 2005 -rrb- , the first first minister of northern ireland -lrb- 1998 â `` 2002 -rrb- , and was a member of the house of commons -lrb- 1990 â `` 2005 -rrb- .
F	she is known for being the lead singer of bands like jefferson airplane , jefferson starship and starship .
F	in that match , her partner kofi kingston also lost the intercontinental title to phoenix 's partner santino marella .
F	a liaison with the writer jules sandeau heralded her literary debut .
M	now , shamed by his jealousy , the count begs for forgiveness .
M	he is most well known for playing father mulcahy on the television series m \* a \* s \* h. he also played private lester hummel on gomer pyle , u.s.m.c.
M	his teacher was abbã nicolas roze , chorus master at the church saints-innocents .
F	in 1981 , she appeared in blake edwards ' s.o.b.
F	in march 2008 , the united states district court in los angeles ruled that monroe was a resident of new york at the time of her death .
F	at age twelve , she began studying acting at houston 's alley theatre , and later attended the high school for the performing and visual arts in houston .
F	peggy 's inclusion also officially discounts the cut scene in the film where she is killed .
M	in june of 2005 he was elected as a member of the nomination committee of the company .
F	she attended cowan school with her sister charlotte .
M	he was born in taumarunui , and his family moved to otara in auckland when he was seven years old .
F	later she was rumored to have dated a younger lu siyuan before the relationship ended in 2003 .
F	she is the sister of celebrity paris hilton .
F	she died at the age of 19 , in 1843 .
F	her father was prince leopold , duke of albany , the youngest son of queen victoria and albert , prince consort .
F	she says : `` i will never , ever make it easy for you seaweed brain .
M	during his reign , two generals , vatche mamikonian and vahan amatuni , started a battle , often coming to help the king .
M	denis won the 1981 vezina trophy with montreal along with michel larocque and richard sevigny and in 1982 he won the william m. jennings trophy with rick wamsley .
F	the queen of australia , elizabeth ii , sent her expressions of concern and sympathy for the victims of the floods to her representative in queensland , governor penelope wensley .
M	he studied at the leipzig conservatory .
F	meanwhile , her stepfather , the falangist captain vidal , hunts the spanish maquis , guerrillas who continued fighting the franco regime in the region , as her pregnant mother grows ill. .
F	she lays four or five bright glossy blue eggs which are lightly spotted with black or purple .
M	he was discovered at the `` 2005 s.m.
M	on 25 august peggy finally delivered to him clinton 's agreement to the terms .
F	she was plump , with light brown hair and big blue eyes that her family called `` marie 's saucers '' .
F	she made it to the finals at cyber sunday .
M	during this time he conducted a series of young people 's concerts with the new york philharmonic .
M	poet walt whitman also considered longfellow an imitator of european forms , though he praised his ability to reach a popular audience as `` the expressor of common themes â `` of the little songs of the masses '' .
M	piquet scored his first points in f1 with a 7th place finish at the french grand prix .
M	according to liu 's family and counsel , he plans to fight this and ask for a new trial .
F	in 1992 , the wire voted her song `` queen among the heather '' one of the `` top 50 rhythms of all time '' .
F	she is similar to pope 's character dulness in the dunciad .
F	her other novels include indiana -lrb- 1832 -rrb- , lã lia -lrb- 1833 -rrb- , mauprat -lrb- 1837 -rrb- , le compagnon du tour de france -lrb- 1840 -rrb- , consuelo -lrb- 1842 -- 1843 -rrb- , and le meunier d'angibault -lrb- 1845 -rrb- .
M	he began road racing in 2005 , riding the tour of berlin and tour of britain as a trialist with team sparkasse .
F	she first shaved her head ... then dressed her in a man 's cloak and sandals , and laid her down alone on a mattress in the dark .
M	giulini left when his wife became ill and went back to italy .
M	he is the second highest ranking of the great officers of state after the lord high steward .
M	his parents moved to the united states when he was a small child .
M	in 2009 presidential election , mousavi chose green as his campaign color , a color which has since become common in iran .
M	after founding and naming -lrb- as the story goes -rrb- rome , he permitted men of all classes to come to rome as citizens , including slaves and freemen without distinction .
F	she is currently on the television series how i met your mother
F	emily jane browning -lrb- born 7 december 1988 -rrb- is an australian award winning actress , probably best known for her role as violet baudelaire in lemony snicket 's a series of unfortunate events .
F	an innuendo is , as defined in the advanced oxford learner 's dictionary , `` an indirect remark about somebody 's body , usually suggesting something bad , mean or rude ; the use of remarks like this : innuendoes about her private life or the song is full of sexual innuendo . ''
F	she finished both urusei yatsura -lrb- 34 books -rrb- with maison ikkoku -lrb- 15 books -rrb- .
M	he that shall be found guilty of taking up any unlawful weapon on board the privateer or any other prize by us taken , so as to strike or abuse one another in any regard , shall suffer what punishment the captain and the majority of the company shall see fit .
M	in 1983 , lee sparked the ` great marriage debate ' when he encouraged singapore men to choose highly-educated women as wives .
M	darius then began raising a huge new army with which he meant to completely subjugate greece ; however , in 486 bc , his egyptian subjects revolted , indefinitely postponing any greek expedition .
M	along with matthias erzberger and others , he was attacked as an erfã 1\/4 llungspolitiker -lrb- `` fulfillment politician '' -rrb- .
M	he was later inducted into the northern ontario sports hall of fame and the university of minnesota duluth athletic hall of fame .
M	near the coast at cape paterson he discovered `` great quantities of very fine coal '' .
M	when paterson was a boy , his best friend , an eight-year-old girl named lisa hill , was struck by lightning and killed .
M	his parents met while at the brown university and were the first children in their families to go to college .
F	she became an assistant professor at the yale school of nursing and director of nursing at the connecticut mental health center .
M	he fought at soissons in picardy , northeast france and at douaumont , near verdun .
M	in the 1980s he formed the group the highwaymen along with willie nelson , johnny cash and kris kristofferson .
M	he plays for sagamihara .
M	he was a one time wwf champion , one time wwf tag team champion and the first inductee into the wwe hall of fame in 1993 .
M	his parents were ebenezer and abigail webster -lrb- nã e eastman -rrb- in salisbury , new hampshire , now part of the city of franklin .
F	she wrote three memoirs about the imperial family and about her own escape from russia .
F	she was born florence foster in wilkes-barre , pennsylvania .
F	in addition , menchik won two matches against her rival sonja graf for the womenâ s world champion title ; -lrb- +3 â `` 1 = 0 -rrb- at rotterdam 1934 , and -lrb- +9 â `` 2 = 5 -rrb- at semmering 1937 .
F	she taught this to the people and it became common .
M	he plays for wolfsburg and brazil national team .
M	he plays for chelsea and france national team .
F	barrymore made her screen debut in altered states in 1980 .
F	her favorite thing is a bouncy , orange ball , which is almost as big as she is .
M	stratford canning was a whig and would introduce his nephew in the 1780s to prominent whigs such as charles james fox , edmund burke , and richard brinsley sheridan .
F	today , together with her mother , meave leakey , she leads the koobi fora research project .
F	her most recent school is the professional children 's school in manhattan , new york .
F	since 2002 , yvette fielding and her husband karl beattie have both made most haunted for the british tv channel living through their production company , `` antix . ''
F	she published a comparative study in 1926 .
F	michelle invites tony on her birthday camping trip , but tony says no , and on the camping trip michelle has sex with sid and the two become involved .
F	she came to fame in the late 1990s , after many films that showed her beauty , including starship troopers , wild things and the world is not enough .
F	she also met nathalie lemel , another figure active in the commune .
M	while the first movie dealt with kenai 's relationship with koda , this one focuses more on his bond with a young human , nita .
M	samael is also sometimes said to be the angel who wrestled with jacob , and also the angel who held back the arm of abraham as he was about to sacrifice his son .
M	co-owner of one of the irish press newspapers , he served in public office from 1917 to 1973 .
F	she backed stevenson once again in 1960 but john f. kennedy received the presidential nomination .
M	he is played by michael dorn .
M	he started al-fatiha in 1998 and was the group 's president until he stepped down in 2004 .
F	a man will not be allowed to marry or have any special relationship with a woman who did n't go to an initiation , because she is not considered as a woman .
M	he is one of the most famous 17th century french dramatists .
M	because his father was a chieftain , as were the ones before him , temã 1\/4 jin was of a noble background .
M	but on the return of ferdinand vii he was put in prison at pamplona from 1814 to 1820 .
M	however , he had a problem with the words of the final verse , not being able to think of how to connect `` now they know how many holes it takes to '' and `` the albert hall '' .
F	she was made a doctor of music by the university of cambridge in 1976 , and became a dame commander of the order of the british empire -lrb- dbe -rrb- in 1992 .
M	enough to say that he gave all the st. petersburg masters the odds of 5 â `` 1 in quick games â `` and won !
F	her mother wanted her to marry her cousin louis d'orl ã ans , duke of orlã ans but the duke of orlã ans refused .
F	she and louis communicated by radio .
M	after he won the battle , achaius established the order of the thistle .
M	he hoped that the `` facts '' would get people to want to know the real facts about chuck norris found in his literary works .
F	nicole joined star golden bell on december 20 , 2008 , hosting a segment called `` level with me -lrb- season 2 -rrb- '' in which the guests have to guess a term or title from her clues ; the challenge comes due to her comparative lack of skill and experience with the korean language .
F	she won titles in tennis and bowling .
M	he plays for vissel kobe .
M	`` mean '' gene okerlund , `` sensational '' sherri martel , tony atlas , william `` the refrigerator '' perry and the blackjacks -lrb- blackjack mulligan and blackjack lanza -rrb- attended the class while eddie guerrero was represented by his wife vickie guerrero who was supported by eddie 's nephew chavo guerrero .
M	he has played for germany national team .
F	aretha louise franklin was born at a two-room house in memphis located at 406 lucy st. she was the third of four children born to barbara -lrb- nã e siggers -rrb- and c.l.
F	she was listed on rolling stone 's list the immortals -- the greatest artists of all time .
F	she works for world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- on its smackdown !
M	when edison was 7 , he moved with his family to port huron , michigan .
F	she died on 9 january 1848 at the age of 97 .
F	she became famous in 1976 when she made the album silly sisters with maddy prior .
M	he is best known as the vocalist with the hard rock band rose tattoo .
F	katy features her real life friend and dj , mia moretti and her main gay , markus molinari 's dog bella in the video .
F	in 1796 , her husband became king .
F	with `` old jim crow '' on the same album she reacts to the jim crow laws .
M	a player who wants to carry the ball for more than three steps has to bounce or balance the ball on the end of the stick , and the ball can only be handled twice while in his possession .
F	as she leaves , idomeneo realizes that sending idamante into exile has made ilia unhappy .
F	she made a brief appearance in miley cyrus 's `` 7 things '' music video .
M	vezina felt sick during a game in 1925 because he had tuberculosis .
F	in 1855 , she was appointed royal printmaker , and was also elected as a member in the royal swedish academy of arts .
M	reginald `` reggie '' noble better known under his stage name redman -lrb- born april 17 , 1970 -rrb- is an american rapper and has worked with method man quite a lot they had their own show on fox that did not last long .
F	she attended the university of california at santa barbara .
F	she was a great lieder singer and several of her salzburg festival recitals were recorded .
F	she lived during the 4th dynasty of egypt , but she was born at the end of the 3rd dynasty .
F	not long after , in 1911 , she won an essay competition in the ladies companion for a 300-word essay on jane austen .
F	karen von blixen-finecke -lrb- 17 april 1885 -- 7 september 1962 -rrb- , nã e karen christenze dinesen , was a danish author also known under her pen name isak dinesen .
F	a friend or relative may have assaulted the victim in her sleep .
F	she spent much of her childhood with her grandmother , marie aurore de saxe , madame dupin de franceuil .
M	shah rukh started the company for his friend and colleague , director-choreographer farah khan .
M	he was made a commander of the order of the british empire in 1992 .
F	after a divorce , in 1963 she married ed shaughnessy .
F	however , she is fearful of becoming homesick due to the length of time it would take to tour the country .
F	she was elected prime minister of pakistan two times .
M	some people said that he died in a sudden fit of craziness when he heard about the death of his father under the qing .
M	on march 24 , 1975 , he saw the muhammed aliâ `` chuck wepner fight which gave him the idea for rocky .
F	they praised austen , her time , and her works .
F	she consequently adopted , for her first independent novel , indiana -lrb- 1832 -rrb- , the pen name that made her famous â `` george sand .
F	these early roles led her to be typecast as a `` corset queen '' , and `` english rose . ''
M	there , his professors were some of the greatest economists , such as nobel prize winners james tobin and thomas schelling , and he studied with arthur okun .
M	in 2005 , he became the new foreign minister of germany in the coalition cabinet of angela merkel .
F	her most widely used quote being , `` there is only one happiness in life , to love and be loved . ''
F	this showed her to a wider public as `` dear , quiet aunt jane '' .
F	she followed an aggressive agenda focusing on economic development , education , health care and government reform during her 12 years in office .
F	at first called urbs dei , or the two fatherlands , the poem is about how a christian owes her loyalties to both her homeland and the kingdom of heaven .
M	his grandmother was english-italian .
M	he was too young to enter first grade in the public system .
F	like the other founding members of the fantastic four , sue received her powers after being exposed to a cosmic storm .
M	after automobiles -lrb- cars -rrb- became more popular than using horses to get around , his father became a groundskeeper and handyman for some families in the area .
M	he his better known as his stage name nelly .
F	she sent a list of suspicious questions to her sister , anne , about the boy 's birth .
M	the crash helped his team-mate , fernando alonso , win the race .
F	from after her death until 1916 , a demonstration was held every year at her tomb at levallois-perret .
F	she has two maids of honor , one on each side of her , a chaperone , a bodyguard , two dwarfs and a dog .
F	she was arrested for drug possession as she lay dying and her hospital room was raided by the police .
M	these words are very similar to those used by the british explorer james weddell to describe his own experiences in the same area , a month earlier .
F	opens was far better than was her opponents ' .
M	it is thought that most of the sculpture was done by his son giovanni pisano .
F	the film is about a woman from an asylum who came to paris in 1928 and was captured by some russian ã migrã s who use her so that they can fool anastasia 's grandmother into thinking anderson actually is her granddaughter .
F	she is also a descendant of robert whitehead , the inventor of the torpedo , and diplomat alexander , count of hoyos .
M	he has won one nascar sprint cup championship .
F	she saw a possibility in 20th century fox 's upcoming film , the egyptian , but was stopped by darryl f. zanuck who refused to screen test her .
F	she was honored by the royal astronomical society for this work .
M	he also held minor championships on fifteen times .
F	nicknamed the `` oricon comet '' for her success in japan , she has currently released eight singles and one album in that country with varying degrees of success .
M	he used a machine called a blink comparator .
F	mr. harrel was the husband of her childhood friend , priscilla .
M	turner lived in derbyshire all his life .
F	she also stated that the team that sold the most items will win the challenge .
F	she sang eva in wagner 's die meistersinger von nã 1\/4 rnberg at the bayreuth festival in 1952 , but she did not like the atmosphere there with all the arguments , so she never returned to bayreuth .
M	he left the duchy to duke william the rich of jã 1\/4 lich-cleves-berg in his will .
M	his first collection , work , for the night is coming , won the walt whitman award .
F	she said the `` wild reaction '' fans had the `` rob effect '' .
M	this made him the youngest-ever world champion , a record later broken by garry kasparov .
F	she quit the sport during a time of controversy in 1988 while at the very height of her ability .
M	he is shown as living in the highest heaven .
F	she answered every question posed to her , whether about music , religion , or astronomy .
M	in 1981 , he returned to the federal ministry of finance .
F	through this book , she writes a more `` aggressive attack on slavery in the south than the novel itself had . ''
F	president benjamin harrison was her grandson .
M	westerners became aware of him in the mid nineties as he became the first thai artist to receive an international mtv award , be featured in the most high budget thai film at the time , `` sunset at chaopraya '' -lrb- which reached international acclaim in japan as well as the united states -rrb- .
M	most domestic and international observers consider his regime to be one of the most corrupt , ethnocentric , oppressive and undemocratic states in the world .
M	for his play during the tournament , kennedy was named to the memorial cup all-star team .
F	baptied as marie adã laã de clotilde xaviã re , she was born at versailles and known as madame clotilde .
M	he said that the show `` is n't about two women being funny .
F	she then appeared in other very successful musicals such as lili -lrb- 1953 -rrb- , for which she won a bafta award for best actress , the glass slipper -lrb- 1955 -rrb- , daddy long legs -lrb- 1955 -rrb- , opposite fred astaire , gaby -lrb- 1956 -rrb- and gigi -lrb- 1958 -rrb- .
F	her work on controlling elements and gene regulation was difficult and was not immediately understood or accepted by her contemporaries ; she described the reception of her research as `` puzzlement , even hostility '' .
M	his father , alexander georg von humboldt , was a major in the prussian army .
F	mattel came to release information stating that they have taken account of katara 's increased role within the program , and that she would be included in the figure assortment for a mid 2007 release .
F	she is the first born daughter of bebe buell , a model , singer , and was the playboy playmate of the month miss november 1974 , and steven tyler , the lead singer of aerosmith .
M	he plays for mattersburg and macedonia national team .
F	tatyana is reading a novel , but her mother , madame larina , tells her that real life is very different from what it is in books .
M	essjay defended his use of the book by telling fellow wikipedia editors in a disagreement over the editing of the article imprimatur : `` this is a text i often require for my students , and i would hang my own ph.
F	a mrs. piozzi wrote in her journal that `` every carriage i meet here has a pug in it '' .
M	he argued , hence , that the us government - in addition to the embargo 's direct influence on supporting cuba 's regime - indirectly inhibits potentially constructive pressures towards change , insofar as third countries , foreign non-governmental organizations and prominent individuals lend support to cuba 's resistance to the us embargo , and this offsets external pressures to democratize , thereby allowing the cuban regime to convert such `` empathy '' into a source of legitimacy at home .
M	sneferu became a king after huni 's death , and he married his half-sister hetepheres .
F	when hera found out that leto was pregnant with twins by zeus she was angry .
F	william camden wrote that the normans were first called bigots , when their duke rollo , who receiving gisla , daughter of king charles , in marriage , and with her the investiture of the dukedom , refused to kiss the king 's foot in token of subjection , unless the king would hold it out for that purpose .
F	she was born on april 10 , 1984 and she has been active since the late 1990s and the 2000s .
F	that country 's proximity to antarctica informed her writing of ` ice ' - the post-apocalyptic novel which won her the brian aldiss science fiction book of the year award in 1967 .
F	later , queen victoria , her courtiers , and politicians , all thought that a new order , based on the prussian order pour le mã rite , would make up for the insufficient recognition offered by the established honors system to achievement outside of public service , in realms such as art , music , literature , industry , and science .
M	he plays for shonan bellmare .
F	she was confident , shook hands with everybody and was `` totally sweet and perky '' .
F	she played a roller derby girl called rita `` lethal weapon '' westwood .
F	but in an interview with fey and richmond in the january 2009 issue of vanity fair , richmond said the scar comes from a slashing incident , which happened when she was five .
M	he first conducted at the metropolitan opera -lrb- met -rrb- in december 2004 , conducting leoå janã ä ek 's `` kã t ' a kabanovã '' with karita mattila in the title role .
F	the next year , over her fatherâ s objections , the two were married .
M	thus , cervantes ' continuing desire for italy , as revealed in his later works , was in part a desire for a return to an earlier period of the renaissance .
F	journalist sidney skolsky recalled that in private monroe said she felt regret for her poor treatment of gable during filming and described her as being in `` a dark pit of despair . ''
M	according to susana dickinson , before running to his post , crockett stopped in the chapel to pray .
M	in 2010 , he entered the house of lords as baron howard of lympne .
M	he plays for tochigi .
M	he finished 16th and last , two laps down , in what team manager flavio briatore described as a `` very , very bad race '' .
M	he lived during the enlightenment , and is famous for his theory of separation of powers ; this theory is taken for granted in modern discussions of government .
F	in 2006 , lucy lawless donated her personal xena costume to the museum of american history .
F	decca 's milt gabler became her manager and she began working often for the jazz producer norman granz .
F	now it was n't just that xena was bisexual and kinda liked her gal pal and they kind of fooled around sometimes , it was ` nope , they 're married , man ' . ''
F	she is a graduate of tecumseh high school .
F	her father had nicknamed her `` abbey dawn '' , and her high school friends would often call her `` abbey '' .
M	he was first elected as an mp in the 1997 general election .
F	she was the older sister of john philip kemble , charles kemble , stephen kemble , ann hatton and elizabeth whitlock .
F	in 1981 , herman founded her own consulting firm - a.m. herman & associates .
F	the following year , she played cassandra in michael cacoyannis 's film version of the trojan women , opposite katharine hepburn , vanessa redgrave and irene papas .
F	she also has the whitelighter abilities of orbing and glamouring -lrb- to shapeshift into a different human appearance -rrb- .
F	in 1950 , she became the first chancellor of the university of the west indies -lrb- then the university college of the west indies -rrb- .
M	in a -lrb- 4-2 -rrb- vote , judd was sent packing , but not before he said some last words to the players left , quote `` bye , guys .
F	her lie about getting the hidden immunity idol proved to be untrue ; she was voted out 5-2 .
F	she returned to the singles chart in may 2000 with a new , sexier sound .
F	she will be in the jonas brothers ' brand new disney channel series jonas as `` stella malone '' , the boys ' stylist and childhood best friend .
M	in 1922 the american league created a new award to honor `` the baseball player who is of the greatest all-around service to his club '' .
M	staunton pointed out that he had not competed for several years and was working six days a week -lrb- on editing shakespeare -rrb- , and so he could not possibly travel across the atlantic for a match .
M	later that year he enjoyed another hit with the futuristic action film demolition man which made over $ 158 million worldwide .
F	another name was found for her was anesidora , she who sends gifts .
M	when henry died the castle became the property of his son , edward vi of england , who gave it to his uncle , thomas seymour .
M	lee says in his autobiography that he is a fourth-generation chinese singaporean : his hakka great-grandfather , lee bok boon -lrb- born 1846 -rrb- , emigrated from the dapu county of guangdong province to the straits settlements in 1862 .
F	she acted as an unofficial first lady of the united states from 1829 to 1836 .
M	he also started being a motion picture music composer with famed scottish composer craig armstrong and marius de vries for the soundtrack for baz luhrmann 's romeo + juliet in 1996 .
M	that year , on the television show youth wants to know , robinson challenged the yankees ' general manager , george weiss , on the racial record of his team .
F	she is the 2009 national spokesperson for the light the night walk , which benefits the leukemia & lymphoma society .
M	when tim staffell left the band , freddie mercury replaced him and the band became queen .
M	he jumped out of the window of his house on the fifth floor and did not survive .
M	he made 200 gentlemen of good birth baronets .
M	in july 2008 he announced his intention to run again for the office of mayor of london at the next mayoral elections and signalled his intent to organise a `` progressive alliance '' of political parties -lrb- such as the labor party and the green party -rrb- , trade unions and interest groups to defend the progress which was made during his terms as mayor and to prepare for the next mayoral elections .
M	he was the first african american appointed to that position .
M	on 6 february 2009 he was confirmed as a toro rosso driver for a second year .
M	he died in his house a year later , when he was 73 .
M	he went to school in southsea from 1912 to 1915 and then portsmouth grammar school from 1915 to 1924 .
F	in 2000 , anastasia and her family were canonized as passion bearers by the russian orthodox church .
F	priscilla presley -lrb- birth name priscilla ann wagner - last name beaulieu after her mother 's remarriage ; born may 24 , 1945 in brooklyn , new york , usa -rrb- is an american actress .
M	he helped organize militia forces on british-held islands , receiving praise from the landowners for his efforts on their behalf .
F	dushku started acting when she was 10 .
M	he played the next 3 seasons with detroit winning the stanley cup with them in 1950 .
F	she earned an mba at northwestern university .
F	while working on the 1996 movie the future lasts a long time , guillory met english actor nick moran , and she was married to moran from july 1997 until 2000 .
M	his observations on the ethology of the great crested grebe , published in 1914 , was a landmark in avian field research .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	diamond meets riley at iron island , and byron asks riley to help diamond sharpen his pokã mon battle skills before diamond goes to lake verity .
M	on an episode of the brady bunch , everyone ca n't be george washington , after peter is assigned the role of arnold in the school play , everyone hates him .
M	in 1473 , he summoned the first provincial diet -lrb- parliament -rrb- in the history of the archbishopric , and eventually abdicated .
M	for his new editor , le breton chose mathematician jean paul de gua de malves .
F	the second names of all three of their daughters are also the names of the last 3 dutch queens : amalia 's for her grandmother , queen beatrix , alexia 's for her great-grandmother , queen juliana and ariane 's for her great-great-grandmother , queen wilhelmina .
M	in 1965 , he became a naturalized citizen of the united states .
F	she was one of the first professional female artists in sweden and also in scandinavia .
F	she commenced recording a new song in october , and in april of 1988 performed at a concert at the tokyo dome .
F	dushku took some time off from acting to finish her last two years of high school .
M	it is on this video that frontman chris cornell is seen wearing his infamous silver duct-tape shorts .
M	he began acting in the late 1970s , gained fame as a teen idol during the 1980s , and made a successful career as an adult actor in the decades following , ending in an oscar nomination for his acting in the film crash .
M	he wrote three books based on episodes of the series .
F	she played all eight characters in , and wrote constantly distracted in 2005 .
F	chrissy , however , misses the shuttle to the task because she insists on doing her hair and makeup on her own timetable .
M	josh holloway -lrb- born july 20 , 1969 in san jose , california -rrb- is an american actor most known for his role as james `` sawyer '' ford on abc 's emmy award-winning show lost .
M	his story probably inspired daniel defoe to write the book robinson crusoe .
M	posthumously , his masterwork `` basketball â '' its origins and development '' was published in 1941 .
M	gary sheffield is the most recent to reach 500 home runs ; he hit his 500th home run on april 17 , 2009 .
M	`` then turned he to the sky -lrb- space -rrb- when it was smoke , and said unto it and unto the earth : come both of you , willingly or loth .
M	charles meets his family , including sebastian 's sister , julia .
M	his time abroad would last three years and cost his father $ 2,604.24 .
M	he was inducted into the pro football hall of fame in 1992 .
F	she was the protector of lower egypt .
F	when hedwig is killed in the seventh book , the author said she expected the strong emotional reaction of her readers : `` the loss of hedwig represented a loss of innocence and security .
F	she named the find kenyanthropus platyops , or flat-faced man of kenya .
F	in 1920 , she was a member of the artist circle called section d'or .
M	as a result , he signed to play in the international hockey league -lrb- ihl -rrb- , splitting the season between the las vegas thunder and detroit vipers .
M	he had probably already started the concerto when he heard the sad news of the death of a girl called manon gropius , the daughter of alma mahler -lrb- who had once been gustav mahler 's wife -rrb- and walter gropius .
M	arturo toscanini included the suite from the ballet le festin de l'araign ã e in one of his concerts with the nbc symphony orchestra .
M	in a june 2008 interview arranged by his publicist , he promoted his book churchill , hitler and the unnecessary war .
F	she beat out mike myers , colin farrell , willem dafoe and daniel day-lewis .
M	isocrates wanted to restore one of these tribunals when he wrote the speech .
M	journalist anthony summers examines the issue of monroe 's relationships with the kennedy brothers at length in two books : his 1993 biography of fbi director j. edgar hoover , entitled official and confidential : the secret life of j. edgar hoover , and his 1985 biography of monroe , entitled goddess .
F	she is available as a trophy in super smash bros. .
M	adams would later sell out two nights in a row at madison square garden in new york city and was visited backstage by brian wilson of the beach boys , he would later get a sold out show in toronto , ontario .
F	she is famous for acting as laura ingalls wilder in little house on the prairie -lrb- 1974-1984 -rrb- .
M	in his later years , dandurand owned a successful restaurant in downtown montreal .
M	in 1461 he was made master of the rolls , and in 1470 was sent as ambassador to the court of castile .
F	she would later play televised `` battle of the sexes '' matches with rudolph wanderone -lrb- also known as minnesota fats -rrb- in 1977 , ray martin in 1979 , and with steve mizerak in 1986 .
M	after the death of epicurus , his school was headed by hermarchus ; later many epicurean societies flourished in the late hellenistic era and during the roman era -lrb- such as those in antiochia , alexandria , rhodes and ercolano -rrb- .
M	frederick russell burnham , dso -lrb- may 11 , 1861 â `` september 1 , 1947 -rrb- was an american scout and world traveling adventurer known for his service to the british army in colonial africa and for teaching woodcraft to robert baden-powell .
F	she particularly praised deschanel and madison .
M	he also designed the armature -lrb- supporting framework -rrb- for the statue of liberty , new york harbor , united states .
F	on april 4 , 2005 bovina reached her career-high singles ranking : world no.
F	vaghan had the nicknames `` sassy '' and `` the divine one '' , and she was a grammy award winner .
M	regardless , peat died in april 1837 and sir henry dymoke was appointed grand prior and he re-established contact with the knights in france and germany , where the group had also by that time expanded to .
M	he is the son of actor henry fonda .
M	his daughter cathi carson is the sports reporter at two jacksonville stations in jacksonville wtev and waws and was formerly a reporter at wwsb .
M	in 2007 , the austrian government made him musical director -lrb- generalmusikdirektor -rrb- of the vienna state opera beginning in september 2010 .
M	he was born in , and currently lives in , san jose , california .
F	gia gave up her hookah .
M	he became a member of the israel federation of writers ' union , had been accepted to the postgraduate slavic philology program of the jerusalem university .
F	she was born in beverly hills , california .
F	gillard 's father was a psychiatric nurse , while her mother worked at the local salvation army nursing home .
F	from then on she had her own staff and associates .
F	she was shown in art as a scorpion or as a woman with a scorpion on her head .
F	hercules best her and is about to deal the fatal blow , but can not because it is hippolyta 's body and not really hera .
M	in 1888 , roux published the results of a series of defect experiments in which he took 2 and 4 cell frog embryos and killed half of the cells of each embryo with a hot needle .
F	she sings a naught song -lrb- `` quando me ` n vo â '' when i go along '' -rrb- , hoping that marcello will be interested in her again .
M	during the weimar republic , his father was the minister for food and agriculture , magnus freiherr von braun .
M	hassan concluded that since he was not scheduled to compete at the event and was therefore denied the opportunity to experience his own wrestlemania `` moment '' , he would have to create a `` moment '' of his own .
M	he was shot and killed by a hotel manageress called bertha franklin .
M	after an automobile accident cut short his career in naval aviation , cousteau changed to studying the sea .
F	she had music lessons when she was a child .
F	it was also revealed in the turn left doctor who confidential that billie had made arrangements to return as rose since she decided to leave .
F	her third foster home is with a woman named claire richards .
M	he plays for montedio yamagata .
M	in this movie he plays wyoming ranchhand ennis del mar , who is in love with rodeorider jack twist , played by jake gyllenhaal .
M	the two men battle it out and zeus tells hercules that he is trying to save him .
F	she has won two academy awards for best actress , the first for her performance in butterfield 8 , the second for her performance in who 's afraid of virginia woolf ?
M	ebenezer did not patent his invention and shared his techniques with whomever asked .
M	this led him to favor certain clinical techniques for trying to help cure mental illness .
M	he finished his nhl career with totals 95 goals and 191 assists for 286 points in 524 games , along with 464 penalty minutes .
M	when the first world war started he volunteered with the red cross as a doctor .
F	in 1970 , she was awarded the national prize of art .
M	after he had been an assistant to the painter neri di bicci he started his own workshop .
F	from 1989 to 1993 , she worked as an executive vice president of the northern states power company .
F	the first woman to be admitted to the order was hh nawab sikandar begum sahiba , nawab begum of bhopal ; she was created a knight companion at the order 's foundation in 1861 .
M	he established and conducted the monastery choir till 1896 when he went to berlin , to the kaiser friedrich wilhelm university .
M	during the 2006-2007 season he played in the echl with the utah grizzlies , and during the 2007-2008 season he played in the chl with the arizona sundogs .
M	however , madison rebuffed charges that his writings supported the constitutional interpretation advanced by pro-nullification southerners .
F	in 1951 wanger shot and injured bennett 's new mca agent , jennings lang -lrb- 1915-1996 -rrb- , with whom she had allegedly begun an affair .
F	the story tells about mary katherine trying to find her place in her catholic high school .
M	among the orthodox he is called blessed augustine , or st. augustine the blessed .
M	he also won the 2008 giro d'italia riding for astana .
F	during her brother 's reign , she lived a private life .
M	he has played for å 1\/2 eljezniä ar sarajevo .
M	a very versatile writer , he also wrote comedies , farces , and pasos .
F	she is known for playing hermione granger in the harry potter movie series alongside daniel radcliffe and rupert grint .
F	she was buried on 27 march 1760 at saint-denis basilica beside her sister , henriette .
M	he participated in the variety show secondo voi for two years -lrb- 1977-78 -rrb- .
M	he first appeared , along with the other members of the simpson family on the tracey ullman show in the simpson short `` good night '' .
F	in the region of ise , she founded the ise shrine .
M	all of the toys are quickly enamored with their new home , leaving woody to try to return to andy on his own .
M	he stayed with the lso for eleven years .
F	she hosted her own talk show , named simply ricki lake -lrb- 1993 â `` 2004 -rrb- .
F	longfellow told her it was not .
M	he directed twelve episodes , and held various crew positions on several others .
F	she was a senior editor at simon & schuster until 1990 .
M	he married christine pamela chapman in 1973 and the marriage ended in divorce in 1982 .
F	sara delano roosevelt was her mother-in-law .
F	she tells neo , â the oracle told me .
F	she was a of francis stephan , duke of lorraine .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from 1897 to 1901 .
F	she became famous by playing luna lovegood , a supporting character in the harry potter film series .
M	seeing this , colonel giltner sent his regiment to reinforce duke .
F	victoria crawford -lrb- born june 30 , 1986 in ponte vedra beach , florida -rrb- better known by her stage name alicia fox is a american professional pro wrestler currently wrestling for world wrestling entertainment , wrestling on its smackdown brand .
F	she married the future philippe ã galitã , and was the mother of france 's last king , louis philippe i , king of the french .
M	lesser had just opened his own distribution office in new york , principal distributing corp. .
M	he wrote a journal about their encounters with local tribes , and their journey up the coast to st. augustine .
F	in 1998 , she acted in brooklyn south , in two episodes of beverly hills , 90210 and in an episode of the love boat : the next wave .
M	hamlet is not sure that the ghost is really his father .
M	jamyang khyentse raised him as a son and made sure he got good training .
F	she also began the royal hospital for seamen , greenwich .
M	in `` sokka 's master '' -lrb- the 4th episode of third season -rrb- sokka expresses self-doubt and worry that he is not usefull as much to the group as his bender companions are .
M	the police had one small injury ; the police superintendent , francis hare , received a wound to his wrist , then fled the battle .
F	suddenly , she sees a pale-faced man sitting on a tower of the house .
M	bill oakley -lrb- born in 1966 -rrb- is an american television writer , best known for his work on the simpsons .
M	then elijah said to him to stay there , and that the lord had sent him to the jordan by himself , but elisha did not obey , and insisted on going with elijah .
M	he was awarded the presidential medal of freedom in 1959 , just before he died .
F	she is married to 2010 nobel peace prize winner liu xiaobo .
M	araujo played for japanese side gamba osaka in 2005 his 34 league goals helped gamba to the 2005 j-league title .
F	some of her works include the first time in history -lrb- preface by leon trotsky -rrb- -lrb- 1924 -rrb- , and children of revolution -lrb- 1925 -rrb- .
F	then we see her deliberately getting the illness cholera and being taken to hospital .
M	in 1546 rore went to ferrara , where he was maestro di cappella -lrb- choirmaster -rrb- he wrote a great deal of music in ferrara .
F	when paris hilton was a child she began modeling , most often at charity events .
F	after shelley 's first wife committed suicide , shelley married mary godwin ; she later became famous as mary shelley , the author of the novel frankenstein .
F	hippolyta refuses but hera possesses her .
M	later in 1266 , norway ceded the isle of man to the kingdom of scotland , and newton considered it likely that alexander utilised the triskelion for the arms of his new possession .
F	according to hesiod , each god helped create her by giving her unique gifts .
F	mario comes to save her and has to go through four worlds and defeat tatanga 's four minions and rescue daisy from tatanga .
M	he was born in kansas city , missouri .
M	his father was christian bohr , who was also professor of physiology at the university of copenhagen .
F	meredith monroe -lrb- born december 30 , 1968 -rrb- is an american actress she is best-known for her role as andie mcphee on dawson 's creek from 1998 to 2000 .
M	jean-pierre jeunet bought his first camera at the age of 17 and made short movies while studying animation at cinã mation studios .
F	her thesis research focused on rural political behavior and representation .
F	on april 9 1919 , miss marcella sherwood , who worked at the mission day school for girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools .
M	he is also a strong supporter of and past board member of the mount vernon preservation society .
F	she spent most of her time with ares , but was also linked with adonis and anchises .
F	she played with the worldâ s greatest orchestras and conductors , including the berlin philharmonic orchestra , london symphony orchestra , london philharmonic , new philharmonia orchestra , bbc symphony orchestra , new york philharmonic , israel philharmonic , and the los angeles philharmonic orchestra .
F	though admitted to graduate standing at johns hopkins university in 1928 , she was forced to remain at the pennsylvania college for women for her senior year due to financial difficulties ; she graduated magna cum laude in 1929 .
F	she is now hosting her television shows , america 's next top model and the tyra banks show .
M	he was a film director .
F	she re-launched the circus in buenos aires .
F	the meaning of the song is about a girl named hope who going into insanity and thinks she 's a sunflower so she climbs on top of a piano and reaches for the sun .
F	in 1975 , ian won a grammy award for her song , `` at seventeen '' .
M	in winning the third stage he became the first briton to hold the green jersey for two days in a row .
M	i always thought i could have done it betterâ '' it was more my style than his .
F	it was more than a year before monroe began her next film .
M	his most popular song is `` scatman -lrb- ski ba bop ba dop bop -rrb- '' .
M	in english , his works are published under the name s. y. agnon .
M	he is probably best known for working with insane clown posse which he has produced nine studio albums with .
F	the song `` i love you dawn '' , available on afterglow -lrb- an album of unreleased crowded house tracks and b-sides -rrb- was written in her honor .
M	he is a singer and guitarist .
F	sarah heaney was called sarah mccann before she married patrick heaney , and her relations worked to make cloth in the linen industry .
F	she was very interested in the lives of the soldiers , and had several innocent crushes on the young men she met .
F	alice stayed , a princess of great britain and ireland and a royal highness in her own right , as granddaughter of queen victoria in the male line .
M	he performed with elf , rainbow , black sabbath , and his own band dio .
M	wealthy private clients sought rodin 's work after his 1900 world 's fair exhibit .
M	darth revan has been killed by his apprentice , darth malak , who has taken the mantle of dark lord of the sith .
M	he has played for yanmar diesel .
M	the film covers luther 's life from his becoming a monk in 1505 to the diet of augsburg in 1530 .
F	she also had parts as paul reiser 's daughter in bye bye , love , as cindy johnson with halle berry and jim belushi in race the sun , as well as roles in a television movie and a short movie .
M	in this episode , bart orders a mail-order spy camera , which he uses , without homer knowing , take a photograph of homer dancing with a belly dancer .
F	she was given the title of princess royal during james 's exile at saint-germain-en-laye and was so called by jacobites , even though she was never even james 's eldest living daughter .
M	the police needed to recruit and with considerable success he set about making service more attractive .
M	robinson 's breaking of the baseball color line and his professional success symbolized these bigger changes and showed that the fight for equality was more than simply a political matter .
M	he is a two-times winner of the colossal cappelle-la-grande open : in 2007 and 2008 -lrb- with other players -rrb- .
M	along with being in pink floyd , he has worked as a record producer for other musicians .
M	he plays for wigan athletic .
F	in may 2010 she became secretary of state for environment , food and rural affairs in david cameron 's coalition cabinet , and was sworn as a privy counsellor on 13 may 2010 .
M	standing at , he is best known for playing mini-me in the austin powers series .
M	he later moved to holland , and then to the new-born united states , where he stayed for three years in boston , new york , philadelphia and hartford , living on the proceeds of giving french language and violin lessons .
F	after the publication of memoirs of a geisha , iwasaki wrote her autobiography , geisha , a life .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	the highest score in competition overall is 427 set by belgian walter bax on march 12 , 2006 at a competition held in deurne , belgium , beating his own previous record of 425 .
F	she writes the funniest jokes '' .
M	stoiber was a student at ignaz-g ã 1\/4 nther-gymnasium in rosenheim , where he received his abitur -lrb- high school diploma -rrb- in 1961 .
M	little of his life and work is known today .
F	after leaving snl in 2006 , she created her own television series called 30 rock .
F	maggie grace , who portrays shannon rutherford , boone 's stepsister , was asked to return at the beginning of the season , but grace was unable due to her schedule ; she appeared later in the season , instead .
M	he was the leader of the liberal democrats from march 2006 to october 2007 .
F	at tribal council , tina said that her tribemates were much lazier than her , which made everyone want to vote her out .
F	sable straddled vachon and punched her round the face before kicking her in the mid-section and face in the turnbuckle and attacking goldust , then running back to clothesline vachon over the ropes .
M	from 1942 he often conducted the metropolitan opera , and the following year he appeared with the new york philharmonic .
M	henry went to france in 1745 to help his brother , prince charles edward stuart -lrb- `` bonnie prince charlie '' , or `` the young pretender '' -rrb- prepare the jacobite campaign of that year .
F	she was born in berlin as eleonore johanna renner , and later , she changed her first name to `` hannelore '' .
F	while serving aboard her , choules witnessed the surrender of the german imperial navy at the firth of forth in 1918 , ten days after the armistice , and was also to witness the scuttling of the german fleet in scapa flow .
F	mrs novel claims that she and signior opera had a child .
M	he was supposed to send monkey pants to a monkey park , but he sent peak point helmets too .
M	the word janeite was first begun by the literary scholar george saintsbury in his 1894 introduction to a new edition of pride and prejudice .
M	he currently works for world wrestling entertainment on its smackdown brand .
F	section 218 of the local government act 1972 that established the new system stated : `` her majesty shall appoint a lord-lieutenant for each county in england and wales and for greater london ... '' the act appears to be the first statutory use of the term `` lord-lieutenant '' for lieutenants to counties .
M	he gave his manuscript to his agent and editor to review .
M	he regained the ability to talk after six weeks and several surgeries .
M	he was the wwe undisputed champion .
F	on december 15 , 2009 , lynch received a golden globe nomination for best supporting actress in a series , miniseries , or television film for her role on glee .
F	her twin sister is barbara pierce bush .
F	she is referred to as `` tipper . ''
M	he tried to become an mp at the 1987 and 1992 general elections but was not successful .
M	he is one of the members of monty python .
F	at the death of her twin sister in 1752 , louise ã lisabeth returned to france in september to visit her tomb at saint-denis .
F	when she was younger , she attended rye country day school in rye , new york and from there went to windward school in white plains , new york .
M	he was considered a good emperor by suetonius and other contemporary historians .
F	while accepting the video of the year award -lrb- for `` bad romance '' -rrb- at the 2010 mtv video music awards , gaga , after tearfully announcing her forthcoming album 's title , sang a few lines from the song : `` i 'm beautiful in my way , 'cause god makes no mistakes ; i 'm on the right track , baby , i was born this way . ''
M	a third match was jack swagger defending his ecw championship against matt hardy .
F	she made her first appearance on the cover of life magazine in april 1952 , where she was described as `` the talk of hollywood '' .
M	he competed in the italian formula renault championship .
F	stine 's haunted lighthouse -lrb- 2003 -rrb- in which she plays a flying ghost called annabel , and beethoven 's 5th -lrb- 2003 -rrb- .
F	however , stowe always said she made the characters of her book by stories she was told by slaves that ran away to cincinnati , ohio , where she lived .
M	his first electric guitar was a white supro ozark that his father , al hendrix , had bought him .
M	he spent the night in wills 's house on the gettysburg town square .
M	he was killed july 17 , 1210 in the battle of gestilren .
M	in 1939 he moved to geneva where he studied at the graduate institute of international studies and studied ludwig von mises teaching .
M	i 'm the manager of this team , and i say he plays .
F	back at camp , stephenie tried to pull the koror girls into a female alliance , but caryn told the men her plan .
M	upon his return to france , he was involved in napoleon 's plot to overthrow the directory .
M	monson was made an apostle at age 36 and served as a member of the quorum of the twelve apostles until he became the president of the church .
M	he became the first player to win the stanley cup before the calder .
M	joubert beat him at the 2004 european championships .
F	she gave sozin 's comet a 10 out of 10 `` masterful '' rating .
M	he was also the first to sail through the strait of magellan , so it was named for him .
F	william pitt 's saying that `` america was won in germany '' referred to the prussian war effort , which enabled great britain to keep her continental commitment limited and focus on her `` blue water policy , '' successfully establishing naval supremacy .
M	he grew up on farms near farmersville and greenville , texas .
F	herta mã 1\/4 ller -lrb- born 17 august 1953 -rrb- is a romanian-born german novelist , poet and essayist noted for her works depicting the harsh conditions of life in communist romania under the repressive nicolae ceauå escu regime , the history of the germans in the banat -lrb- and more broadly , transylvania -rrb- , and the persecution of romanian ethnic germans by stalinist soviet occupying forces in romania .
F	when georgia achieved independence from the soviet union in 1990 , she played board 1 for the new georgian national team that won four gold medals , in 1992 , 1994 , 1996 and 2008 .
M	in his younger days he worked for the liverpool royal infirmary , the thompson yates laboratory , and the royal commission on tuberculosis .
F	during her career , she won the wwe women 's championship four times .
F	she went to her first year of high school at the marywood-palm valley school in rancho mirage , california .
M	he is famous for his roles as captain `` howling mad '' murdock on the hit 1980s action show the a-team , and reginald barclay in star trek : the next generation , star trek : voyager and the film star trek : first contact .
F	after arriving , she found out that for the nighttime matches , she would be required to wear formal clothing .
M	an event at pjc shown robinson 's impatience with people he felt were racist .
M	some of the ways to get good honor are like taking an outlaw alive instead of killing him , or saving a kidnapped person .
F	in 2004 , o'leary was selected as president of her undergraduate alma mater , fisk university in nashville , tennessee .
F	she once had the job of distracting hera from zeus having relationships with other women .
M	figaro then tells them that he has recognized susanna 's voice , and they make peace .
M	ten years later he became seriously ill but received a kidney transplant from his brother , philip and recovered to full health .
F	she began to fully realize the need to license her books properly when , after she had successfully published the tale of squirrel nutkin , her father found a toy squirrel called nutkin at the burlington arcade in christmas 1903 .
M	while he kept going around the moon , neil armstrong and buzz aldrin landed on the lunar surface .
F	her acting career began around 1965 , although she did not get famous until the latter half of the 1980s .
M	gareth david-lloyd -lrb- born march 28 1981 -rrb- is a welsh actor who a lot of people know for his role as ianto jones in the british science fiction television program torchwood .
M	in 1988 , he started the music festival wien modern -lrb- vienna modern -rrb- .
F	on a saturday her young beau called to see if she 'd like to go to see a show but miss kate said `` no , i 'll tell you what you can do : ''
M	only after the death of his mother in 1663 , he really assumed power .
F	she suffered her second miscarriage .
M	he wrote a piano-vocal composition called jazz dans la nuit .
M	nakajima started his career in racing in 1996 , when he started karting .
M	his pet spider has not eaten since the family moved .
F	as she is leaving the room , bartolo and basilio enter .
F	in the final vergeer claimed her eighth australian open title as she defeated di toro without losing a game to chalk up her four hundredth and fourth consecutive win .
F	the countess geschwitz visits her , and gives her her own clothes , so that lulu can escape disguised as the countess .
M	a year later , the kurdish national movement -lrb- komeley jiyanewey kurd -rrb- that he helped organize was crushed by iran 's central government .
F	even though beth groundwater won the princess of rejection prize from the sisters in crime guppies chapter for having the second most rejections for her writings in the winter of 2005 , a real basket case was put up for the best first novel agatha award in 2007 .
F	she married her cousin grand duke alexander mikailovich of russia and had seven children .
F	sometimes they called her `` anastasie '' , `` nastya '' , `` nastas '' , or `` nastenka '' .
F	after her death , carson was awarded the presidential medal of freedom by jimmy carter .
M	lincoln later gave this copy to his other secretary , john hay .
F	she was a series regular in seasons 2-3 , appearing in several episodes at the beginning and end of season 4 , and was a special guest star in the final series episode in season 6 , though these scenes were cut from the televised episode .
M	it 's up to mega man , a robot created by dr. light , to stop dr. wily and his army of robot masters .
M	however , this was called off after ponomariov refused to sign his contract without reservation .
M	at the reward challenge , terry won a 2007 gmc yukon , and he , courtney and danielle won a meal together .
F	as the wife of the us president , she was the first lady of the united states from 1825 to 1829 .
F	leizu found that she could unwind this soft and lovely thread around her finger .
F	alexandra asked for chairs for herself and alexei , and she sat next to her son .
F	she offers them a lunch and natsu explains that igneel is a dragon .
F	she competed in and won the lexington challenger event , defeating top seed julie coin of france in the final .
M	during this time , he also announced for the toughman contest .
M	peter gene hernandez -lrb- born october 8 , 1985 -rrb- , better known by his stage name bruno mars , is an american singer-songwriter and music producer .
M	he plays for sevilla and cã te d'ivoire national team .
F	when she successfully wins it , she and the family go to washington , d.c. where the finals are to be held .
M	after the session was over jeff hanneman talked with him and the two began playing iron maiden and judas priest songs with the session drummer .
M	he used the first circular saw in pencil production .
M	he missed worldcon for the first time in many years because of the accident .
M	while manual workers are thought as `` peasants , '' this may be too-simple if applied to his parents â '' his mother was said to love reading , and his father was a skilled carpenter .
F	it is taken from her fifth studio album , loud .
F	she then participated in the miami masters and lost to mathilde johansson of france in the first round .
F	she then moved to berkeley to major in english at the university of california .
F	a track which echoed the men-bashing sentiments of tlc 's massive summer hit `` no scrubs '' , and even featured the same producer -lrb- kevin she `` kspere briggs -rrb- .
F	her parents bought the table to keep her four brothers out of local pool rooms .
M	however , during the match , cena was legitimately injured , suffering a complete tear of his right pectoral tendon .
F	she is the daughter of pat boone .
M	he fought for the recruitment and promotion of women .
F	she was the daughter of duke ulrich iii of mecklenburg-g ã 1\/4 strow and princess elizabeth of denmark -lrb- a daughter of frederick i and sophie of pomerania -rrb- .
F	this made her go blind and she had to have both her legs amputated in 1993 .
M	we needed someone who could go from an introverted boy in an isolated world to someone who completely taps into his imagination and becomes a confident , brave leader in terabithia .
F	by guessing what most of the tribe had chosen for their answers , cirie won the challenge and sent terry to exile island taking aras and danielle to share her reward .
M	on june 15 , 2009 , mcmahon announced on a special three-hour edition of raw that he had `` sold '' the wwe raw franchise to donald trump , who appeared on-screen to confirm it and declared he would be at the following commercial-free episode in person .
M	his bass playing style influenced many other bass players who came after him .
M	he also recorded an album with kerouac , with kerouac reading poetry and allen playing piano with a jazz combo .
F	in 2004 , she wrote and presented a short lived series what sadie did next ... for e4 .
F	her story of escape from the bolsheviks who killed the rest of her family in 1918 seems so vivid that many russians believe her .
F	when she was born , her parents named her `` destiny hope '' because they thought she would do big things .
M	it is quite similar to the story that dostoevsky described in his letter to katkov , and was written like a diary or journal .
M	after his family had lived in both ohio and washington , they moved to oregon .
F	also , lulu 's husbands in act i are played by the same singers as her clients in act iii .
F	her father died in 1903 .
F	louise ã lisabeth was bored when she returned to parma , and sought a wider realm to rule .
F	earlier in the tournament she beat mieko harada , a housewife from kyoto , japan .
M	he is one of the few writers of arabic literature , who explored themes of existentialism .
M	he previously played at the university of north dakota .
F	later , cyrus decided to change her name to `` miley ray cyrus '' .
F	the wolf tells the girl to pick some flowers for her grandmother .
F	so , she manages to free herself .
M	he was a hotel owner in louisville , kentucky .
F	the series shows the surreal adventures of a cow , named cow , and her chicken brother , named chicken .
M	in the final tribal council , tom was praised for his dominance in challenges and leadership skills ; but was criticized for being bossy and a sexist .
M	their discussion was important in that it persuaded jefferson to depart from his radical stance on dissociation from the union , which is expressed at the end of the excerpt above .
M	norwood recently starred in his own vh1 reality dating show , for the love of ray j.
F	later pharaohs attempted to claim some of her projects as theirs .
M	damon albarn -lrb- ë deé mé n ë é '' ë lbé ` rn , born 23 march 1968 -rrb- is an english singer-songwriter and record producer who has been involved in many high profile projects and groups throughout his career .
M	he was first interested in art while in high school .
M	he was the son of duke frederick ii of the hohenstaufen dynasty .
F	but after an early eating disorder , she gave up acting at 13 .
F	there can only be 24 living people in the order at any given time , not including honorary appointees , and new members are personally selected by the reigning monarch of the 16 realms , presently queen elizabeth ii , with the assistance of her private secretaries ; the order has thus been described as `` quite possibly , the most prestigious honor one can receive on planet earth . ''
F	mary stuart or mary of orange , as she was also known , was the first daughter of a british sovereign to hold the title princess royal .
F	her tv shows include 30 minute meals , $ 40 a day , rachael ray 's tasty travels and the rachael ray show .
M	he was returned to springfield as injured players returned to the oilers ' lineup .
M	mcclane presses the gun into his shoulder and fires , injuring himself but killing gabriel .
F	as she recalled , `` so you had these challenged characters inhabiting a challenging world and that makes for great storytelling .
F	she also said that harry was born on 31 july and has the same birthday as herself .
F	in 1930 she came back to moscow and helped start moscow news , the first english-language newspaper in the city .
F	the orders have never been formally abolished and elizabeth ii succeeded her father george vi as sovereign of the orders when she ascended the throne in 1952 .
F	at 15 , she was the top-ranked woman player in the world .
M	among his tv shows are
M	goodman joined one of chicago 's top bands , the ben pollack orchestra , at the age of 16 , he made his first recordings with them in 1926 .
M	he went to the royal swedish academy of arts between 1947 and 1952 , when he began to illustrate swedish classical books such as those written by per anders fogelstrã m.
M	the three found their way back to their owner 's home , but lotso saw that he had been replaced .
F	in 2007 , the new york post included fey in new york 's 50 most powerful women , ranking her at number 33 .
F	in 2004 , while pregnant with her daughter , bellucci posed nude for the italian `` vanity fair '' magazine in protest against italian laws that allow only married couples to use in-vitro fertilization and that prevent the use of donor sperm .
M	some years after the publication of his main work , the logische untersuchungen -lrb- logical investigations ; 1900-1901 -rrb- husserl made some key conceptual elaborations which led him to assert that in order to study the structure of consciousness , one would have to distinguish between the act of consciousness and the phenomena at which it is directed -lrb- the object-in-itself , transcendent to consciousness -rrb- .
M	however , bartlet 's screen time gradually increased , and his role expanded as the series progressed .
M	over the period 1840-1843 , similar work was carried out by engineer ludwig a. colding though it was little-known outside his native denmark .
F	while her parents encouraged her dream of becoming an actress , they also urged her to finish a liberal arts education before deciding on acting as a career .
F	in olden times a pond existed in the meadows and the kings princess often used to have her bath there .
M	he was honored by election to the billiard congress of america 's hall of fame , the international pocket billiards hall of fame , and the albuquerque sports hall of fame .
F	regarding the question of her own sexuality that the song has raised , perry told santa barbara magazine -lrb- which featured her on the cover -rrb- , `` i like to kiss boys , but there is no doubt in my mind if angelina jolie or gisele bã 1\/4 ndchen came a callin ' , who would n't pucker up ? ''
F	her candle has blown out , and she has no matches ; she asks rodolfo to light it .
M	-rrb- â `` paris , 14 november 1908 -rrb- was the sixth child and the fourth son of alexander ii of russia and his first wife maria alexandrovna -lrb- marie of hesse -rrb- .
M	he is a young cyclops who tries to be `` the best little brother possible '' and `` make his family proud . ''
F	the story is written in such a way that pandora 's feminine and deceitful nature is a small problem for mankind , because she brings a pithos .
F	she was a very beautiful young woman , and was also of above-average intelligence .
F	although many egyptologists have claimed that her foreign policy was mainly peaceful , there is evidence that hatshepsut led successful military campaigns in nubia , the levant , and syria early in her career .
M	eisenstein continued to move often during his life .
F	after she recorded it , it was also a hit for rare earth .
F	to earn money for their poor family , smith and her brother andrew began busking -lrb- performing -rrb- on the streets of chattanooga as a duo .
M	after the war in 1946 , davey returned to streatham where he took up playing in defense having previously played right wing .
F	her birth came as a blow to her father , king frederick ii of denmark , who had been hoping for a son .
F	she won the miss usa pageant in 2008 .
M	he died in 1971 in meudon -lrb- near paris -rrb- at the age of 85 .
M	isildur tried to escape , but he was killed when he lost the ring .
F	she is currently appearing in the hbo series treme .
M	he won the 1926 nobel prize in physiology or medicine , for his discovery that an infection could lead to cancer .
M	the wealthy john allan took edgar into his home in richmond , virginia .
F	billie -lrb- she was known at the time only by her first name -rrb- was the first british female singer to have a first single start at # 1 on the uk pop charts .
F	her ball average over the seven u.s.
M	on 29 january 1796 , a reward of five gallons of rum was offered by governor john hunter for his capture .
F	this governor is chosen by the queen , but she choses the person on the advice of the state premier .
M	the story told in the book of luke was that simeon , who was a jew , had been promised by the holy ghost that he would not die until he had seen jesus .
M	he is the only person to win two nobel prizes in physics .
M	aurelius married his first cousin faustina the younger in 145 .
F	the eight match was the encounter of victoria and molly holly for the wwe women 's championship , where holly would have to be shaved bald if she lost .
F	but if she tells the truth , ingrid will be put in jail again .
F	she names it prince terrien .
M	josh holloway stated his character sawyer would revert to his old self after the loss of juliet .
F	she was born on january 31 , 1938 .
F	she is a conservative party member of parliament -lrb- mp -rrb- for the chesham and amersham constituency in the house of commons of the united kingdom .
M	he committed himself to german unification , formed a liberal government , accepted a national assembly , and ordered that a constitution of the kingdom of prussia should be drawn up .
M	he plays for albirex niigata .
M	he made his international recital dã but at william jewell college in liberty , missouri in 1973 as part of the collegeâ s fine arts program , now known as the harriman-jewell series .
M	tom tells anne to leave , but he really is sorry for what has happened .
M	many of his miracles were also recorded to have been here : his walking on water , calming a storm , feeding five thousand people and many others .
F	a short while later , she got a part in a television commercial for the fast food restaurant burger king .
F	as being temporarily deprived of our motherland let us save in our ranks not only faith in her , but an unbending desire towards feats , sacrifice , and the establishment of a united friendly family of those who did not let down their hands in the fight for her liberation ''
M	he sailed with john byron from 1751 to 1755 .
M	he also guest starred in such canadian-filmed television shows as smallville , supernatural , flash gordon , stargate atlantis and stargate sg-1 .
M	he stated that the zookeepers `` should have had the courage to let the bear die '' .
F	the next day lee interviewed her and agreed to accept her as a student .
M	during world war ii he worked on the possibility of using nuclear fission to develop new weapons .
M	he graduated from the college of new jersey -lrb- now princeton university -rrb- in 1794 and began studying law .
F	she did an independent-study project on the subject in eighth grade .
F	during the same year , she worked with christopher golden and aj -lrb- ajit jothikaumar -rrb- of dark horse comics to create the buffy the vampire slayer : willow and tara comic books titled wilderness # 1 and wilderness # 2 .
M	along with calderã n de la barca and tirso de molina , he improved spanish theater .
F	slant magazine agrees , saying , the song , `` is n't problematic because it promotes homosexuality , but because its appropriation of the gay lifestyle exists for the sole purpose of garnering attentionâ '' both from perry 's boyfriend and her audience . ''
M	he took up a mistress named panthea , from smyrna .
M	when he painted a portrait of himself , he included his pug in the picture .
F	she also served on the board of the freedom national bank until it closed in 1990 .
F	when christian and faithful travel through vanity fair , bunyan adds the editorial comment : but as in other fairs , some one commodity is as the chief of all the fair , so the ware of rome and her merchandize is greatly promoted in this fair : only our english nation , with some others , have taken a dislike thereat .
M	he is mentioned in the palermo stone inscriptions among a small number of kings of lower egypt
M	greenson stated that his main goal at the time was to try a harsh reduction in monroe 's drug intake .
M	he also designed several mansions among which the one in dolnã krupã .
M	he became head coach there in 1973 .
F	she became governor-general on 5 september 2008 and is the first woman to be the governor-general .
M	disillusionment takes over the protagonist , however , as he watches humanity consumed by holy wood 's ideology of ` guns , god and government ' into a culture of death and fame where celebrity-worship , violence and scapegoatism are held as moral values and martyrdom has become religion -- a religion that canonize dead celebrities into saints and idolize ` jack ' kennedy as the transfigured ` lamb of god ' and modern-day christ .
M	having said his goodbyes to his closest staff , former president bartlet tells president santos , `` make me proud , mr. president '' , to which santos responds , `` i 'll do my best , mr. president . ''
M	he plays for manchester city and netherlands national team .
F	her independent production company , `` ragdoll productions '' , was founded in 1984 and specialises in making original programming for children 10 and under .
F	she was born january 17 , 1922 in oak park , illinois .
F	she won the 1999 australian open with swiss player martina hingis when they defeated lindsay davenport and natasha zvereva .
F	at the end , 42 men were behind her .
F	lascelles included a short essay about her , a study of the books austen read and their influence on her writing , and a study of austen 's style and `` narrative art '' .
F	after her time on buffy , benson began working on a series of animated movies for the bbc with co-creator christopher golden and animation company cosgrove hall .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from september 10 , 1842 to june 26 , 1844 .
M	after getting his start in the buying and merchandising departments , he became general manager and vice president of the companyâ s direct mail division .
F	they chose kathy , who was not allowed to go to tribal council with her tribe .
M	during 1997 and 1998 he was the naia national wrestling champion .
M	stoic doctrine was popular in greece and the roman empire from its founding until all the schools of philosophy were ordered closed in 529 ad by the emperor justinian i , who perceived their pagan character to be at odds with his christian faith .
F	another version of this story is that hera killed lamia 's children and was then so sad that she turned into a monster .
F	her film roles since then include a happily married but ill-fated wife in the thriller the mothman prophecies -lrb- 2002 -rrb- and a supporting role in along came polly -lrb- 2004 -rrb- .
M	he is shown lying on his back in a wooded area , and is struck many times in the face with a hammer that is held inside a yellow plastic bag .
M	cavendish was a surprise inclusion in the british squad for the 2009 uci track cycling world championships , where he competed in the scratch race and the madison , failing to pick-up medals in either .
M	at the end of 1949 , he got a job working for darryl f. zanuck in the film no way out -lrb- 1950 -rrb- .
M	yzerman played his entire national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- career with the detroit red wings and is a member of the hockey hall of fame .
F	diana and her boyfriend , dodi al-fayed , died in a car crash in paris on 31 august 1997 .
F	she also wants to avoid the marriage that her parents , herodotus and hecuba , have arranged for her with her childhood friend perdicas .
F	little information on egyptian priests of isis has been found , but we know that there were both priests and priestesses of her followers all through her history .
F	over the following ten years she established herself as a songwriter in melodifestivalen , writing two songs for the 1992 competition and the 1995 runner-up det vackraste -lrb- the most beautiful thing -rrb- performed by cecilia vennersten .
F	in 1957 , lee showed her writing to a literary agent capote told her about .
M	he is the earliest greek poet who claims explicitly to be writing for future generations , creating `` fame that will reach all of greece , and never die while the greek kind of songs survives '' .
M	these were quite popular in the court , and for these he was remembered in later years as he who `` founded and firmly established the empire of the viol '' -lrb- hubert le blanc , 1740 -rrb- .
M	in august 2002 , after months of recording justified , his debut solo album , timberlake performed at the 2002 mtv video music awards , where he premiered his first single , `` like i love you , '' a sparse dance track produced by the neptunes .
M	eighteen of his manuscripts survive and are a rich source of contemporary information for historians .
M	he made his film debut in the laurence olivier othello in 1965 .
F	she has appeared on the annual celebrity 100 list by forbes in 2008 and 2009 at no.
F	she returned in late 2004 with a new album titled stefanie , which was meant to reflect her debut album -lrb- self-titled as well , but in chinese -rrb- .
F	azula banishes nearly all of her subjects -lrb- including her dai li agents -rrb- in fear of betrayal .
F	the studio 20th century fox filed a lawsuit against her for half a million dollars , .
M	he added that it is hard to find any obviously classical references in all of his speeches .
M	in an open forum interview with abc news , pokã mon anime director masakazu kubo noted meowth as his favorite pokã mon , saying that while not a major pokã mon in the games , a meowth is in the anime .
F	she is rescued by natsu , who is the real salamander , and a true member of fairy tail guild .
F	sand often performed her theatrical works in her small private theater at the nohant estate .
M	he has become a symbolic figure in australian history , folklore , books , art and film .
M	that man shall not keep his arms clean , fit for an engagement , or neglect his business , shall be cut off from his share , and suffer such other punishment as the captain and the company shall think fit .
M	it started when jesus christ told his followers to eat bread and drink wine in memory of him , at the last supper .
M	he may have been the very first composer to write a mass based on l'homme armã .
M	ha comes from his favorite city , harbin .
M	over their stall , their heraldic devices are displayed : the knight 's helm , decorated with a mantling -lrb- cloth tied to the helpmet -rrb- and topped by his crest -lrb- often an animal -rrb- .
F	between 1993 and 1997 , she became played in amateur theater , which she continued with until gaining a role in the film nã rkontakt later in 1997 .
F	quietly and privately upset with news in the ussr -lrb- the `` great purges '' -rrb- , she continued to write for leading periodicals , including the atlantic monthly , harper 's , the nation and asia .
F	in the council of nicaea , â the church had taken her first great step to define doctrine more precisely in response to a challenge from a heretical theology .
F	she will be loved is the third single off the debut album by rock band maroon 5 called songs about jane .
M	he worked as a kitchen boy at a cheap paris cafe in exchange for a room and food .
F	on 17 may 1788 she landed at lord howe island for birds and vegetables , and got back to england on 15 june 1789 .
F	while also very popular , it was not nearly the success that her first single was , although it did help to cement her as a permanent artist .
M	he also wrote a requiem mass around 1460 , which is lost .
M	he became king at the age of nine months on 31 august 1422 , when his father died .
M	he plays for kã ln .
M	he was the first non-european to be admitted into the international music society of which he was a co-founder .
M	artemis killed niobe 's daughters and apollo killed niobe 's sons as they practiced athletics , with the last begging for his life .
F	on the day of her death she walked arm-in-arm with her twin brother to be burned .
M	he wrote an essay on independence and accountability in public-funded bodies .
F	marcus mouse is her fatherâ s name .
F	in november 2009 her late night talk show the wanda sykes show premiered .
F	she spent nearly a decade as an independent artist in the toronto music scene , self-releasing two albums and an ep in that time .
F	mid 18th century dancer marie camargo of the paris opã ra ballet was the first to wear a non-heeled shoe , enabling her to perform leaps that would have been difficult , if not impossible , in the old shoes .
F	since then , she has starred in a series of films including role models , talladega nights : the ballad of ricky bobby , alvin & the chipmunks , walk hard : the dewey cox story , space chimps , the rocker , the hammer , another cinderella story , ice age : dawn of the dinosaurs , and spring breakdown .
M	on december 1 , 2008 , president-elect obama announced that clinton would be his nominee for secretary of state .
M	on the morning of april 1 , 1984 , marvin and his father got into an argument after his father verbally assaulted marvin 's mother while they were arguing over misplaced business documents .
F	the length of her reign usually is given as twenty-two years , since she was assigned a reign of twenty-one years and nine months by the third-century b.c.
M	he plays for werder bremen and finland national team .
M	at the same time , he gave the book to some sixth , seventh and eighth graders to read and tell him what was good or bad about it .
F	â she has also been an ngo member of the official u.s. delegation to the asian regional initiative against the trafficking of women and children -lrb- ariat -rrb- , manila , the philippines , hosted by the governments of the philippines and the united states .
F	the sophie germain prime and crater germain on venus are named after her .
M	oswald tesimond , a fellow jesuit had told him .
M	he gave his last concert in london in 1940 and died in winterthur , switzerland two years later .
M	the controversial purple rock tiebreaker was used in this season alone , and resulted in the elimination of paschal english , then with no votes against him .
M	in 1876 , bell was the first inventor to patent the telephone , and he helped start the bell telephone company with others in july 1877 .
M	he loves chamber music and he started the international chamber music festival of stavanger .
M	he treated it as a species , but modern biology mostly treats it as a hybrid .
F	she helped theseus in defeating the minotaur and later became the consort of the god dionysus .
F	her book the farthest shore won the national book award for children 's books in 1973 .
F	her mother was princess mary adelaide , a daughter of prince adolphus , duke of cambridge .
M	one day , he hides in fear as hassan is beaten and raped by three bullies , led by a boy called assef , when hassan refuses to give them a kite that he found for amir .
F	she became famous in the 1990s , after roles in successful movies , including speed and while you were sleeping .
F	she had taken a strong role as queen to her husband and was well experienced in the administration of her kingdom by the time she became pharaoh .
M	toward the end of his pjc career , frank robinson -lrb- to whom robinson felt closest among his three brothers -rrb- was killed in a motorcycle accident .
M	according to historian doris kearns goodwin , robinson 's `` efforts were a monumental step in the civil-rights revolution in america ... -lrb- his -rrb- accomplishments allowed black and white americans to be more respectful and open to one another and more appreciative of everyone 's abilities . ''
M	governor-general sir john kerr , acting on his own , dismissed prime minister gough whitlam in the 1975 australian constitutional crisis .
F	she takes the ring and promises to return it to the rhine maidens .
M	joaquim dos santos is an american television director of animated cartoons , best known for his directing work on justice league unlimited .
M	it is in his short story collection maps in a mirror .
F	in 2006 , ledger directed three music videos : `` cause an effect '' and `` seduction is evil -lrb- she 's hot -rrb- '' for australian hip-hop artist n ` fa , as well as `` morning yearning '' for ben harper .
M	terry found the hidden immunity idol , which he kept as a secret from his teammates after his return .
F	there can only be one princess royal at a time , so elizabeth ii never held the title because her aunt , princess mary was already called princess royal .
M	his campaign speech focused on delivering public transport , public ownership of the region 's public assets , environmental protection , economic and social development .
M	the nigerian constitution requires a written letter from the president stating he is unable to serve or that the cabinet sends a medical team to examine him but this provision has not apparently been fulfilled leaving some doubts as to the constitutionality of the action .
F	her parents , dr. and mrs. l. nelson bell , were medical missionaries at the presbyterian hospital 300 miles north of shanghai .
M	they became half-shark when a university professor named dr. paradigm tested his gene-manipulation techniques on a marlin and a lobster .
M	he had accidentally taken lsd when he meant to take an upper .
F	in 2001 , she was one of the people who selected the national portrait gallery 's bp portrait of the year .
F	she won an academy award for her role in the movie cold mountain .
M	he appears in tekken 3 , tekken tag tournament , tekken 4 and 5 .
M	it is also the last he is known to have written .
M	in october 2008 , coldplay won two q awards for best album for viva la vida or death and all his friends and best act in the world today .
F	mary tyler moore -lrb- born december 29 1936 -rrb- is an academy award-nominated american actress and comedian , famous for the mary tyler moore show -lrb- 1970 â `` 1977 -rrb- , where she played the role of mary richards , a single woman who worked as a news producer at wjm-tv in minneapolis , and for her role as laura petrie , wife of television comedy writer rob petrie -lrb- played by dick van dyke -rrb- on the dick van dyke show -lrb- 1961 â `` 1966 -rrb- .
M	he also played for hertha bsc , fortuna dã 1\/4 sseldorf,rot-wei ã oberhausen , vfl bochum and for the promoted fc salmrohr in the second bundesliga .
M	they passed the french fort paskoya where he may have met la corne , the western commander at that time .
F	later she was given a new name , á ã hirih -lrb- the pure -rrb- .
M	senna pitted for tyres but retired when his radiator failed soon after .
M	lewis currently lives in miami beach with his wife , former miss jamaica runner-up violet chang and have two children , a daughter named ling and a song named landon .
M	however , aided by his old friend viacheslav ragozin and coach abram model , he levelled the score in leningrad and the match was drawn .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	they cited her impression of sarah palin on snl .
F	in august 1995 , rana and her husband hussein kamel al majid and raghad and her husband , saddam kamel majid , defected to jordan , taking their children with them .
M	he won prizes from the royal institute of british architects and the architectural association .
F	however , austen 's works were not exactly what her romantic and victorian british audience liked .
F	she then fell to # 28 sorana cã rstea in the second round .
F	liebeck v. mcdonald 's restaurants , also known as the `` mcdonald 's coffee case , '' is a 1994 product liability lawsuit that became a flashpoint in the debate in the u.s. over tort reform after a jury awarded $ 2.86 million to a woman who burned herself with hot coffee she purchased from fast food restaurant mcdonald 's .
F	she then went on to guest star on 8 simple rules , american dreams , the o.c.
F	she replaced tiffany of girls ' generation as co-host of sonyeo sonyeon gayo baekso -lrb- boys and girls music guide -rrb- with kim hyesung and later with actor kim soohyeon .
F	she recorded a live album called nina simone in concert which included the song `` mississippi goddam '' .
M	at his first performance he conducted verdi 's aida .
F	her first appearance in opera was in aachen where she sang the role of the priestess in verdi 's aida in 1940 .
F	she was later regent of lorraine .
F	she was a firm ruler , and ordered her own uncle , henry hyde , 2nd earl of clarendon , to go to prison for trying to put james ii back onto the throne .
F	her newest album is guilty pleasure .
M	his attempts to manage politics in the national capital to get his plans through congress , then , `` brought strong responses across the country .
F	thalia becomes one of artemis ' hunters , eliminating her as a potential recipient of the great prophecy .
M	he was unconscious , and thought to be dead .
F	monroe 's performance was praised by critics , especially in europe , where she won the david di donatello , the italian equivalent of the academy award , as well as the french crystal star award .
M	they think he killed the men and chase him and iolaus .
M	in 1998 , he became principal conductor of the stuttgart radio symphony orchestra .
M	in november 1511 ferdinand and his son-in-law henry viii of england signed the treaty of westminster , pledging mutual aid between the two against france .
F	in order to prepare for her next contest in the 2006 â `` 2007 season , kim practiced very much at the skating and curling club of toronto in canada during the summer of 2006 .
F	artemis is then kidnapped , which means that a quest must be launched to save her .
F	neither male or female partners commonly know whether she is fertile at any given moment .
F	she became an orphan .
F	she is considered a folksinger , but after the 1960s her music became a lot different from folk .
M	franã ois duvalier -lrb- 14 april 1907 - 21 april 1971 -rrb- , known as `` papa doc '' , was the president -lrb- dictator -rrb- and head of state of haiti from 1957 until his death .
M	he also owns a cello made of carbon fiber by the luis and clark company of -lrb- -lrb- boston
F	frigg is the foremost goddess of the ã sir , she is often confused with freyja , foremost goddess of the vanir .
M	he made another bad start at the moscow 1925 chess tournament , and could only fight back to third place , two points behind bogolyubov and â 1\/2 point behind emanuel lasker .
M	in 1978 , mario gave his granddaughter miuccia prada the business , which still only sold leather goods at that time .
F	shilpa was crowned the winner of the british celebrity big brother on 28 january 2007 with 63 % of the final votes , after an international racism controversy involving her and fellow contestants jade goody , jo o'meara and danielle lloyd .
M	melina insulted mysterio and had mercury and nitro attack him .
M	in a speech given at university of california , berkeley in 2002 , president clinton said dr. yunus was `` a man who long ago should have won the nobel prize -lrb- and -rrb- iâ ll keep saying that until they finally give it to him . ''
F	she was the older sister of george , crown prince of serbia and alexander i of yugoslavia .
M	he further implies that he would have no problem running a ranch where people can hunt , in borat 's words , `` deer ... then jew . ''
M	he made all haste to the shore and ordered bargemen to row him downriver to where the vulture was anchored , which then took him to new york .
M	the next night on raw , triple h came out and said to john cena that he underestimated the champ , because he lost at wrestlemania 22 to cena .
F	according to the saying , wakefield was making chocolate cookies and because there was no more regular chocolate , she used broken pieces of semi-sweet chocolate instead , thinking it would melt and mix into the batter .
M	when he died , it was passed on to his friend john hay .
M	while in the united kingdom , members rank below knights and dames grand cross of the order of the bath , it has been claimed by stanley martin , in his book the order of merit 1902-2002 : one hundred years of matchless honour , that the order of merit is actually the pinnacle of the british honors system .
M	he plays for consadole sapporo .
F	she also represented the usa in the miss universe pageant 2007 .
F	she is best known from world wrestling entertainment , wrestling on its raw brand with the ring name katie lea .
M	during that time , juan ponce de leã n , who discovered florida , vasco nã ã ez de balboa , who discovered the pacific -lrb- he called it the `` south sea '' below panama -rrb- , and ferdinand magellan , who first sailed that ocean to the orient , profoundly influenced de soto 's ambitions .
F	her most notable acting was playing pamela barnes ewing in the nighttime television show dallas .
M	in 1898 he used the similarity in embryos to describe evolutionary relationships .
M	he was taken to a nearby inn and interrogated , tortured , and killed .
F	her 1995 album jagged little pill became a very popular album .
M	in his first films , eisenstein did not use professional actors .
M	this is the only existing engraving signed with his full name .
M	percy is in a grim state , so tyson takes him to poseidon .
F	before owen hart came to the ring , commissioner slaughter handcuffed himself to chyna so that she would not get involved in the match , despite her saying that she did n't want to .
F	she had never beaten balukas before .
M	he served as interim president prior to elections .
F	at the competition , she set a new world record again .
F	she had bronchopneumonia as a child , and her parents were told it would be better if she lived in a warmer climate .
F	she is sometimes confused with mnemosyne , mother of the muses -lrb- the three or the nine , depending on the author -rrb- by zeus -lrb- jupiter -rrb- .
F	according to an article published in the 10 august 1996 issue of the cincinnati post , the childless colbert left most of her estate , estimated at $ 3.5 million and including her manhattan apartment and her home in barbados , to a friend , helen o'hagan -lrb- 1931 â '' -rrb- , a retired director of corporate relations at saks fifth avenue , whom colbert had met in 1961 on the set of parrish , the actress 's last film .
M	he died on november 6 1836 .
F	she had to rest at the falkland islands for several days as several sailors were sick .
M	he also continued his box office success with the rocky franchise and wrote , directed and starred in two more movies to the series : rocky iii -lrb- 1982 -rrb- and rocky iv -lrb- 1985 -rrb- .
F	she is no longer earth-born , but the creature , the handiwork of olympian zeus . ''
M	most believe he is also transcendent -lrb- outside space and time , so he is unable to be changed by forces inside the universe -rrb- .
M	he was mostly known as `` harry lee '' until he turned 30 , and his close friends and family , especially in the west , still know him by that name .
M	senator from the state of wisconsin from 1947 until his death in 1957 .
M	his awards include the lifetime achievement award of the evolutionary programming society -lrb- us , 1995 -rrb- and the evolutionary computation pioneer award of the ieee neural networks society -lrb- us , 2002 -rrb- .
F	her character became known as `` nasty natalie . ''
F	she thinks that slavery is wrong , but is prejudiced against blacks .
M	however , during the final six months of the season he scored 18 goals in his final 24 appearances .
M	timberlake attended and issued a scripted apology when accepting the first of two grammy awards he received that night -lrb- best pop vocal album for justified and best male pop vocal performance for `` cry me a river '' -rrb- .
M	he has worked as a professor , teaching and doing research , at new college of florida , lake forest college , chestnut hill college , and west chester university .
F	she was one of country music 's trailblazing female vocalists during the height of her career in the mid-1960s .
M	he joined his first band when he was in college , called option 30 .
F	elizabeth i called the dogs her singing beagles and often entertained guests at her royal table by letting her pocket beagles cavort amid their plates and cups .
F	she had previous relationships with union officials michael o'connor and bruce wilson and fellow federal labor mp craig emerson .
M	his family were bessarabian germans from rã å cani in romanian bessarabia -lrb- near bä lå # i , present-day moldova -rrb- .
M	beliefs and desires -rrb- can cause that individual 's neurons to fire and his muscles to contract in exactly the correct manner .
M	booker t attempted to get out of title defenses on a number of occasions by pretending to be injured , and having other wrestlers fight on his behalf .
F	kirkland was named after her mother -lrb- who was a fashion editor for the vogue and life magazines -rrb- .
F	in february 2003 , she was given the additional portfolios of reconciliation and indigenous affairs .
M	in 1980 he became a member of its governing body , and later wrote articles for several right-wing magazines .
M	he attended the michigan school of mines -lrb- now michigan technological university -rrb- in 1910 , became a geologist , and worked for union oil as manager of lands and foreign exploration .
F	she was born in novi sad , serbia -lrb- then yugoslavia -rrb- to ethnic hungarian parents but became a naturalized united states citizen in 1994 .
F	she is the daughter of singers and performers loudon wainwright iii and kate mcgarrigle .
F	she was also a member of the original los angeles , california cast of beauty and the beast and toured around the world with a chorus line in 1986 .
F	she has two sisters .
M	he is voiced by and influenced by matt stone , one of the people who made the show .
M	he begins the song in a soft tone , with piano , bass guitar , and string section accompaniment .
M	after he got his degree , he worked as an education inspector , lecturer , and environmental-protection officer , until he decided to become a politician in 1998 .
F	sophia dorothea 's father , george william , and george louis , had sophia dorothea imprisoned in ahlden castle in celle , where she was unable to see her father , former husband , or children .
M	he also wrestled for world championship wrestling when he was one of the jung dragons and was known as yang and also wrestled for tna wrestling .
M	he also wrote the lessons for the directors ' course there .
F	hallie erminie rives , an american writer , described how anastasia ate chocolates without taking off her white opera gloves at the st. petersburg opera house when she was 10-years-old .
F	queen louise 's efforts to protect her adopted country from french aggression became well admired by future generations .
F	her streak of wins ended after 1978 because the u.s. open itself was canceled , not because she was beaten .
F	`` she had no techniques .
F	her reign was the third longest , at 14 years , behind only that of the first women 's champion , vera menchik , who reigned for 17 years from 1927 until her death in 1944 , and that of gaprindashvili 's 16 years .
M	he plays for sagawa printing .
M	he won medals in the national 4000m individual pursuit discipline .
M	he is keeping andres awake .
M	he began his career in pornographic movies in 2005 .
M	in 2002 , he was knighted .
M	martin van buren completed his legal studies in van ness 's office in 1802 and became an attorney in columbia county , new york .
M	long then began to look for an assistant so he could spend more time with kristal , eventually revealing vickie guerrero as his new assistant on may 25 , 2007 , an appointment made partly at kristal 's request .
F	she was hanged over the fire with a rope .
F	she was born february 28 , 1948 .
F	anne and her sister , margot , were later taken to the bergen-belsen concentration camp .
F	she became professor of clarinet at the guildhall in 1951 , and stayed there until 1969 .
F	she spent her final years at the western convalescent center in jefferson park , los angeles .
F	she also sang on the 2003 broadway revival cast recording of fiddler on the roof .
F	in all parts of the graeco-roman world , isis became one of the most important figures of the `` mystery religions '' , and many classical writers sometimes wrote about her temples , and followers .
M	in 1976 he won the main event of the world series of poker .
M	after he left the marines , he went into coaching .
M	he was the youngest son of joseph p. kennedy sr. and rose fitzgerald kennedy .
F	in 1912 , when she was only 16 years old she started work at the naacp 's journal , `` the crisis '' .
M	he has since become best known for his roles in the coupling television series and the pirates of the caribbean series of films .
M	at age 37 , he became the vice president of warner brothers , in 1973 the president and in 1977 the vice chairman .
F	under intense study , and producing no more rabbits , she eventually confessed to the hoax and was sent to prison as a fraud .
F	she also agreed to star in one episode of a spin-off series k-9 and company .
M	however , his beatification and canonization is opposed by many jesuits , who think savonarola 's attacks on the papacy to have been a serious crime .
M	he married victoria kamhi , a turkish-born pianist , in 1933 .
F	she later married into the ducal house of brunswick , of which she was already a member .
M	the lyrics are sung in the first person of a single who is mad because of the police brutality and thinks to take the law into his own hands by killing violent , mad police officers .
M	in 1990 , he assumed the office of chairman of the presidential council of the republic of yemen -lrb- north & south yemen -rrb- .
F	their act included clinton making fun of palin about her `` tina fey glasses '' .
F	in late hellenistic egypt , cleopatra used saffron in her baths to make her feel good .
M	as astronomer royal he receives a stipend of â # 100 a year and is a member of the royal household , under the general authority of the lord chamberlain .
M	he was born on march 5 , 1970 in queens , new york .
F	she got her bachelor 's degree in theater from illinois state university and her mfa in theater from cornell university .
F	she is the only child of rosellen greenfield and arthur gellar .
F	it turned out that joan haverty was pregnant by kerouac , and she gave birth to a daughter , jan-michelle .
M	he was born on 4 september 1886 and went to st paul 's school .
F	in 2008 , four of her relatives were killed in a safari bus crash in south africa .
F	since 1967 she worked as a war correspondent , in vietnam , for the indo-pakistani war , in the middle east and in south america .
F	she sang `` backlash blues '' , written by her friend langston hughes on her first rca album , nina simone sings the blues .
M	jackson deforest kelley -lrb- january 20 , 1920 â `` june 11 , 1999 -rrb- was an american actor famous for his role as dr. leonard mccoy of the uss enterprise in the television series star trek and six movies that followed , as well as an older admiral dr. leonard mccoy , star fleet surgeon general emeritus , in the star trek : the next generation television pilot , encounter at farpoint .
M	after completing his term of apprenticeship in 1489 , dã 1\/4 rer followed the common german custom of taking a wanderjahre â '' in effect a gap year .
M	botvinnik wrote that he did not make this mistake again .
M	he was born in leipzig , germany .
M	he is most famous for being the laval chiefs enforcer that is called up later in the season in the hockey documentary `` les chiefs '' .
F	she attended nasr school in hyderabad and later graduated from st. mary 's college .
M	he has worked as a writer on the nbc comedy series 30 rock .
M	he plays for zweigen kanazawa .
F	she is the sister of celebrity paris hilton .
F	gertrude baines -lrb- april 6 , 1894 -- september 11 , 2009 -rrb- was an american woman who was believed to have been the oldest person in the world from the death of portuguese woman maria de jesus on january 2 , 2009 until her death on september 11 , 2009 .
M	this way he collected and published some 3000 songs , many of them adapted to choir singing .
F	when the count asks her to explain about the letter accusing the countess of infidelity , susanna and the countess explain that the letter was written by figaro , and then delivered through basilio .
M	barber was a professor of medieval european history in the faculty of arts and humanities at the university of reading in the uk , until his retirement in september 2004 .
M	he became the first prime minister of the labor party in 1924 .
F	a third single was released before her next album .
M	he was born at beverley in yorkshire , son of sir william alcock , burgess of kingston upon hull and educated at cambridge .
M	he avoided using stars .
M	he used to be the minister-president of the state of bavaria and the leader of the christian social union party -lrb- csu -rrb- .
M	prior to his election as mayor , villaraigosa was the california state assemblyman for the 45th district , the speaker of the california state assembly , and the los angeles city councilman for the 14th district .
F	one of them , the lesbian countess geschwitz , visits her to invite her to a ball , but leaves when dr. schã n disapproves .
F	she has said she was unsure about talking about it because `` it 's impossible to talk about it without somehow seemingly exploiting it . ''
M	he was also historian and archaeologist .
F	her decision to leave warner after 9 albums was partly due to music executive sam chen , who now works at emi .
F	they thought she was weak .
M	nevertheless he concedes that `` a man may be ignorant , boastful and obscure , and yet have done a solid piece of work '' .
M	he plays for ehime .
F	from 1969 to 1970 du prã played a francesco goffriller cello , and in 1970 she got a modern instrument from the philadelphia violin maker sergio peresson .
F	she never wears the costume again after vol .
F	raf member irmgard mã ller was found with four stab wounds to her chest , but survived .
F	she has released 11 albums , over 40 singles , and has sold more than 55 million albums worldwide .
F	her nicknames are steel butterfly or iron butterfly .
M	in 1883 , he met the teacher and composer felipe pedrell , who inspired him to write spanish music such as the suite espaã ola , op .
F	poverty-stricken , she was forced to rent out most of the palace .
M	at first , he was responsible for all military affairs .
F	her second married was to joe dimaggio .
F	she got the ideas of the song from the story sleeping beauty .
M	it was registered by will vinton in 1978 to describe his clay animation films .
F	her mother and father both served terms as mayor of tecumseh .
F	she had appeared on other television programs with a number of billiard stars and other celebrities .
M	to move kirby , the player has to touch him , making kirby roll forward .
M	he later co-founded gum productions and published his first album , just a little more love , in 2001 .
M	he is the son of actor henry fonda .
M	on 15 june cavendish crashed heavily whilst sprinting in the closing metres of the 4th stage of the tour of switzerland , appearing to veer off line and bring down heinrich haussler and several other riders , raising criticism from other teams regarding his riding style .
M	in the january 1984 fide rating system , he ranked # 18 in the world with a rating of 2599 .
F	she played `` one dime blues '' and clayton was very impressed .
M	he is not afraid because his friend faithful reminds him of the words of psalm 23 : yea , though i walk through the valley of the shadow of death , i will fear no evil : for thou art with me ; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me .
F	twitty has been criticized for her focus on joran van der sloot and the kalpoe brothers , to the exclusion of any other theory as to what happened to holloway .
M	frost 's mother joined the swedenborgian church and had him baptized in it , but he left the church as an adult .
F	the following year , she became a pupil of gã za marã czy , the leading hungarian grandmaster at the time .
M	he served in many different supervisory roles with the dav in the 1970s and 1980s :
F	she was the first woman ever to be elected president of a country .
F	this was because she was so good and never got into trouble , according to margaretta eagar .
F	at the 2006 world junior figure skating championships , she was the rival of mao asada , a japanese figure-skater , and won the gold medal .
M	he plays for vegalta sendai .
M	after graduation , he played in the ahl with the nova scotia voyageurs and the cincinnati swords .
M	he is best known for his role as dawson leery in dawson 's creek alongside katie holmes .
M	in 1999 , he played the part of willie oban in the iceman cometh with kevin spacey .
M	alvy says his brooklyn house was below a roller coaster on coney island .
F	the show is also notable for a wardrobe malfunction and the remark , `` okay , my pussy is hanging out of this fucking -- '' , after she performed `` i 'm a slave 4 u '' and did n't realize that her mic was still on .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	shortly afterwards he found a sponsor in the form of computer company psion .
M	he lived through the rules of five monarchs through the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
F	her own first song was lucky voice which , like her other songs , was put on the internet for others to listen .
F	because she was the daughter of king charles vi of france she was not allowed to have a large part in raising her son .
F	she said it was `` utterly recognizable and authentic '' , and thought robb and hutcherson were `` perfectly cast '' .
F	she shared knut 's enclosure for a short time while her regular home had repairs .
F	hamasaki dated tomoya nagase -lrb- a singer and actor -rrb- since her short acting career .
M	he is most known for hosting the tv show bill nye the science guy .
F	she was born as elizabeth nevills in carrboro , north carolina .
F	during the siege of paris she was in resistance against the prussians .
F	she is called the `` mother of liberation '' .
F	she is the first and only woman and first and only african american to hold the position .
F	troi was born on march 29 , 2336 on betazed , her home planet .
M	after the soviet consulate had apparently demanded he divorce katia , the inventor fell in love with and married the young prima ballerina lavinia williams .
M	he used it as the title of a series of articles `` silicon valley usa '' in a weekly trade newspaper electronic news which started with the january 11 , 1971 issue .
F	before she did this , she was a professor of political science at stanford university from 1993 to 1999 , where she also was the provost .
F	she added that `` is the most probable fiction i have ever read '' and had become `` at present the fashionable novel '' .
F	during that time , she got to know zhou enlai very well , and also knew mao zedong .
F	beth twitty alleged in televised interviews that joran van der sloot and the kalpoe brothers know more than they have told , and that at least one of them sexually assaulted or raped her daughter .
M	he also has two grandsons , jay raina and raj krishan raina .
M	he is replaced by tantalus , a spirit from the fields of punishment .
F	marie adã laã de was exiled to spain , as was her sister-in-law bathilde d'orl ã ans .
F	she was a secondary school student before 2005 .
M	his parents are garvin and gwenda evans .
F	while at dartmouth , she majored in psychology .
M	john newlands , who published his law of octaves in 1865 .
M	after his father was died in office chafee was appointed to fill his vacancy .
M	before that , he raced in formula three euroseries for his father 's team .
M	he constructed the first of the hexagon - and octagon-shaped wooden casings that we have today .
M	purdue was founded on may 6 , 1869 , as a land-grant university , accepted a donation of land and money from lafayette businessman john purdue to establish a college of science , technology , and agriculture in his name .
M	a catholic encyclopedia also had said : `` at the present day , it is freely admitted that solomon is not the writer of the book of wisdom , which has been ascribed to him because its author , through a literary fiction , speaks as if he were the son of david . ''
F	james ' gimmick was that she was stratus ' biggest fan and later became stratus ' stalker .
F	she goes by the stage name alizã e â '' which is the feminine form of alizã and means `` trade wind '' .
F	in march 1955 , monroe met with cheryl crawford , one of the founders of the actors studio , and convinced her to introduce her to lee strasberg .
F	in great part because of her overtly pro-chinese communist sympathies she was arrested in moscow in 1949 and charged by the soviets with espionage .
F	she had a recurring role on sunset beach , but is best known for her role as `` barbara diffy '' , phil 's mom in the disney channel original series phil of the future , where she also played `` the timekeeper '' in the episode `` it 's a wonder-phil life '' .
F	on the other hand , the seattle minute men , many of whom were veterans of the spanish-american war , said that she was unpatriotic .
F	many characters and their designs were from some of katsura hoshino 's previous works and drafts , such as zone , book-man , and continue , and her assistants .
F	margot frank -lrb- 1926 â `` 45 -rrb- was her older sister .
F	viola has been shipwrecked in a violent storm off the coast of illyria ; in the process she has lost her twin brother , sebastian .
F	morena baccarin auditioned for the role and two days later was on the set in her first television show .
M	his song was called `` soda fountain rag '' .
F	mirza was eliminated in the first round of the 2008 beijing olympics when she retired in her match against iveta beneå ovã because of a right wrist injury .
M	his critics argue that he was under the influence of a select few in the un secretariat .
F	anastasia , like everyone else in her family , loved `` baby '' tsarevich alexei very much .
M	he was replaced by de valera , when collins helped him escape from lincoln prison in april 1919 .
F	her personality make her liked in her world , but in her new school , the boys prefer a shy girl like vanilla .
F	shortly before starting work on doctor who , she was one of the main characters in the horror movie spirit trap alongside russian pop star alsou , released in the summer of 2005 to bad reviews .
M	anthony `` tony '' norris -lrb- born june 6 , 1970 -rrb- , better known by his ring name , ahmed johnson , is an american former pro wrestler .
M	radric davis -lrb- born february 2 , 1980 in birmingham , alabama -rrb- , known by his stage name , gucci mane , is an american rapper .
M	he plays for roma and italy national team .
F	her mother is zenovia `` jeanne '' -lrb- nã e xenakes -rrb- , a brokerage employee of greek ancestry .
M	he plays for urawa red diamonds .
F	called `` pretty , witty nell '' by samuel pepys , she has been called a living embodiment of the spirit of restoration england and has come to be considered a folk heroine , with a story echoing the rags-to-royalty tale of cinderella .
F	doctors worried that , because of her cerebral palsy , lucy would never be able to speak or use sign language to communicate with her deaf sister , but after the first volume was made , lucy started to sign , and later , to speak .
F	after lady macbeth she played desdemona in othello , rosalind in as you like it , ophelia and volumnia , all with great success .
F	in a letter that stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with lincoln , she does not say anything about this sentence .
F	marie wants to leave , but wozzeck stops her .
F	the couple lived together in a country house near gravesend in kent , where anne has her workshop .
M	ross died peacefully in his sleep at approximately 4 am .
F	she was buried at westminster abbey .
F	in japan , her name was always peach .
M	a quick slap to urie 's face and his wife turns to leave .
F	she has been listed in the `` hot 100 '' section of maxim magazine every year from 2003 to 2007 , and was voted `` sexiest woman in the world '' by fhm in 2007 .
M	he was drafted into the wehrmacht in 1941 .
F	she is the 14th richest female celebrity with a fortune of around $ 85 million .
M	although he was convicted , there has since been some debate over how much garnet really knew .
F	green and her sister began collecting the bodies to bury properly .
F	she often traveled to south france , especially to cã ret , and also to germany , belgium and switzerland .
M	in this same year , green day went with iggy pop on two tracks for his album skull ring .
F	felix dassel , who was treated at the hospital , remembered that anastasia had a `` laugh like a squirrel '' , and walked quickly `` as though she tripped along . ''
M	one of the best-known 18th dynasty pharaohs is amenhotep iv , who changed his name to akhenaten in honor of the aten and whose exclusive worship of the aten is often interpreted as history 's first instance of monotheism -lrb- and was argued in sigmund freud 's moses and monotheism to have been the ultimate origin of jewish monotheism -rrb- .
M	when baloo arrives for a visit , mowgli leaves with him to go back to the jungle .
F	some live albums on verve that she recorded are well thought of by critics : ella at the opera house , ella in rome and ella in berlin .
F	`` telephone '' is a song by american singer lady gaga from her third ep the fame monster , featuring american r&b singer beyoncã knowles .
M	max and moritz as well as many of his other picture stories were early examples of the what became the modern comic strip .
F	her agony inspired dumas fils to write about tragic female characters .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from 1850 to 1853 .
F	she used the name kazue misora , which her mother had proposed .
M	davros and the daleks planned to destroy all creation with a ` reality bomb ' , which failed due to the interference of the doctor and his companions , and due to caan himself who had been manipulating the events unknown to either side .
M	monroe was invited to spend the weekend with lyon and his wife bebe daniels at their home .
F	her racquets are made by babolat .
M	the next day , stoneman and his cavalry went into camp at glade spring , virginia , which was about 13 m west of marion .
F	in the book , after being invited to a dinner party by the dearly couple , where cruella de vil expresses her dislike for animals , the family 's new dalmatian puppies disappear .
M	he was the only known survivor of the family .
M	his parents were nathaniel jacka and his english wife , elizabeth kettle .
M	marsh and his many fossil hunters were able to uncover about 500 new species of fossil animals , which were named by marsh himself .
M	he has an older sister , soumaya keynes -lrb- born 1989 -rrb- , who also starred in many productions of the bbc radio 4 .
M	he was well received by king george iii and the tories but frowned upon by the whigs .
F	in 2006 , mirza was awarded a padma shri , india 's fourth highest honor for her achievements as a tennis player .
F	she turns around and warns hallie , and then the killer jumps out from behind a building , grabs hallie , and stabs her to death .
F	it is about a woman -lrb- played by audrey tautou -rrb- looking for her missing lover .
F	early in her career she had trouble being played on the radio , and stated , `` the turning point for me was the gay community .
F	it was released as the lead single of her album , greatest hits ...
M	in december 2004 , he died due to the disease at age 94 .
M	he was born in 1773 , january 29th , and died in 1839 , september 29 .
F	the valkyries are angry with brã 1\/4 nnhilde because she disobeyed wotan .
F	she is the writer of several science-fiction and fantasy books including the farsala trilogy .
M	in 1954 he went to salzburg to take part in igor markevitch 's conducting classes .
F	she sang with a group called `` mistral '' .
F	she worked as an mtv vj and in 1995 , she landed a role in the soap opera dulce ana .
M	in 1969 , he became the first person to receive the prix mondial cino del duca .
F	her death was widely mourned throughout japan .
F	her mother was louise linder , who was an heiress to a department store fortune .
M	he ruled from 1716 until he resigned in 1745 .
M	his predictions were 100 % -lrb- 8\/8 -rrb- right for the 2010 world cup and 86 % -lrb- 12\/14 -rrb- correct overall .
F	irene paid tribute to vernon in her memoir my husband , 1919 .
M	sent away from lyon , waldo and his followers moved to the high valleys of piedmont , and in france , in the luberon .
F	the show will focus on hunt 's efforts to balance the demands of her professional life with her personal life .
M	his interest in rave music started in the early 1990s .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	joachim told brahms to go and see schumann and his wife clara in dã 1\/4 sseldorf .
M	he is probably best known for hosting the game show trash to treasure and his role as `` dude '' in the n 's television series about a girl .
M	shah jahan stayed behind in burhanpur to finish the military campaign that had originally bought him to the region .
M	making use of dyes he was able to find a structure which he named chromatin .
F	this meant that after their separation simone did not know anything about how her business was managed and what she was actually worth .
M	on his homepage , gerber describes trotter as an unpleasant character who `` drinks too much , eats like a pig , sleeps until noon , and owes everybody money . ''
M	later , after catching the terror of the region around mount ooe , shutendouji , he became a great follower of minamoto no yorimitsu under the new name sakata no kintoki -lrb- å ç '' å
F	she uses her mind gifts to help niamh .
F	she was the wife of william ii , prince of orange and count of nassau -lrb- 27 may 1626 â `` 6 november 1650 -rrb- and the mother of king william iii of england and ireland , ii of scotland -lrb- 14 november 1650 â `` 8 may 1702 -rrb- .
M	he needs to understand that the performance of anyone is governed largely by the system that he works in , the responsibility of management .
F	in the kojiki , after giving birth to the fire god , kagu-tsuchi , izanami dies from wounds of its fire and enters the perpetual night realm called yomi-no-kuni -lrb- the underworld -rrb- that the gods retire to and where izanagi , her husband , travels to in a failed attempt to reclaim her .
F	mischa anne marsden barton -lrb- born 24 january , 1986 , london -rrb- is an award-winning english-american actress best known for her role as marissa cooper in the american television series the o.c.
M	he was born on april 29 1979 .
M	also starring in the film is bill pullman for his movie debut .
F	she was the only competitor who earned eights in program components marks in both the short program and the free skate at the competition .
F	she was called the `` mother of the modern-day civil rights movement '' .
M	rã ard could not find a model to wear his design .
M	hyde was born at longford house in castlerea in county roscommon , while his mother was on a short visit there .
F	she is the 2006 u.s. national champion , 2003 grand prix final champion , and 2006 olympic silver medalist .
F	further theater pieces and autobiographical pieces include histoire de ma vie -lrb- 1855 -rrb- , elle et lui -lrb- 1859 -rrb- -lrb- about her affair with musset -rrb- , journal intime -lrb- posthumously published in 1926 -rrb- , and correspondence .
M	after 1910 , he spent the rest of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent .
F	she was a daughter of zeus -lrb- jupiter -rrb- .
M	in 1913 he become a cadet in the royal military academy .
M	he continues to write music for the television series desperate housewives -lrb- 2004-current -rrb- since the fourth episode .
F	kennedy responded to her performance with the remark , `` thank you .
F	her first big orchestral piece was called landscape -lrb- 1988 -rrb- .
F	she died a week later at the age of 28 .
F	her mother came from the german minority in slovakia and emigrated from koå ice in slovakia to the federal republic of germany in 1972 .
M	`` viva la vida '' is a song by the english band coldplay from their album , viva la vida or death and all his friends .
F	she won silver medal with a total score of 186.35 points , 2.20 points behind mao asada of japan .
M	on 2 february 2007 it was widely reported that edwards had lost his faith in god despite him once saying `` my relationship with jesus and god is fundamental to everything i do .
M	halley is best known for computing the orbit of the comet named after him : halley 's comet .
M	at the age of eleven he was sent to berlin to study mathematics , where he lived with his brother berthold , eight years his senior , who taught him how to play chess .
F	`` one sweet day '' was produced by carey and afanasieff for her sixth album daydream .
M	for his entrance , cena had a marching band perform an instrumental version of his theme song `` the time is now '' live .
M	clodius albinus initially supported septimius severus believing that he would succeed him .
F	the woman tells hercules that her name is deianeira .
F	she is currently a member of the house of representatives .
F	sometimes they would help superman , wonder woman and other heroes , she said .
M	this transrealist novel is based on his experiences at suny geneseo .
M	he became tournemireâ s assistant at the basilique ste-clotilde , paris until 1927 .
M	because he has the same first and last names as his son , he is often called george h. w. bush or george bush sr. -lrb- george bush senior -rrb- .
M	in 1976 he died from a drug-induced heart failure .
M	he has played for argentina national team .
F	her range changes from contralto to dramatic mezzo-soprano on such songs as the host of seraphim , elegy , space weaver and come this way .
M	the knight is very sad and tells elsa they will now go to the king and he will tell him who he is .
M	his upbringing in west berlin , however , he describes as `` very british '' with `` british network , british schools '' .
F	after their 25-year sleep , gabrielle finds out that her stories had been read as far away as north africa where they were popular among nomad tribes .
M	he reached the top of his musical career in the early nineties .
M	he plays for kawasaki frontale .
M	two major tragedies occurred during his reign : the explosion of a ship filled with gunpowder in the heart of the city of leiden in 1807 , and a major flood in 1809 .
F	her family sincerely grieved her death .
F	in march 2006 , she claimed that she would continue on doctor who into its third season in 2007 .
F	she and sura have a daughter , iris sura o'connor -lrb- born march 19 , 2006 -rrb- .
M	and afterwards carried the bleeding head of the dead bird and his sword over to the section where the senators sat and gesticulated as though they were next .
F	bloc party was first noticed by giving bbc radio 1 dj steve lamacq and franz ferdinand 's lead singer alex kapranos a copy of its music demo , `` she 's hearing voices '' .
F	although poorly paid , she saved whatever she could and traveled as often as possible to copenhagen to be with lars ; often just over a weekend , spending most of her time on the train back and forth .
F	in late 2008 , she appeared along with the other kara members in an episode of mbc sitcom that person is coming , having the most prominent role as a female gang leader .
M	in 744 , his daughter bertrada of laon -lrb- by bertrada of cologne -rrb- married pepin the short , mayor of the palace of neustria and burgundy and later king of the franks .
F	mosammat taslima begum , used her first loan of 16-euro -lrb- 20-dollar -rrb- from the bank in 1992 to buy a goat and subsequently became a successful entrepreneur and one of the elected board members of the bank .
F	u.s. television networks devoted much air time to the search for holloway , the investigation of her disappearance , and rumors surrounding the case .
F	her daughter louise leakey continues the family ` business ' by conducting paleontological research .
F	the film is about kate -lrb- fey -rrb- , a business woman , who wants a child but , discovering she has only a million-to-one chance of getting pregnant , decides to find a surrogate : angie -lrb- poehler -rrb- , a white-trash schemer .
M	he lives in chiswick , london , united kingdom
M	it means that his character was one of the nine members of the fellowship of the ring in the lord of the rings .
F	she was given indefinite leave from filming terminator salvation , and returned later to complete the rest of the filming .
F	she first earned some fame when she was six years old by appearing in a pool playing event held at new york city 's grand central station .
M	he also was known by his signature slas .
F	balukas heard many complaints from the men upon her entry to a chicago tournament in 1988 .
M	he plays for giravanz kitakyushu .
M	he plays for deportivo la coruã a.
F	the story of a song '' , where she explained where the song was from .
M	delgadillo thought of a fun way to bring attention to his new restaurant .
F	she also began another novel , which was later titled sanditon .
M	lawrence george durrell -lrb- 27 february 1912 -- 7 november 1990 -rrb- was an expatriate british novelist , poet , dramatist , and travel writer , though he resisted affiliation with britain and preferred to be considered cosmopolitan .
M	his first wife , mary potter , died in 1835 after a miscarriage .
F	richmond said : `` it was in , like , the front yard of her house , and somebody just came up , and she just thought somebody marked her with a pen . ''
F	in the streets , she finds out that aladdin is arrested for stealing .
F	she continued to act in theater .
F	she is the founder of the jane goodall institute and has worked extensively on conservation and animal welfare issues .
F	her body was discovered in csepel , in february 2009 , in a in a backwater of the danube .
M	elwood blues was first played by dan aykroyd , in his radio program on blues music .
F	in 1934 , she moved to ontario , california to attend chaffey college , from which she earned an associate of arts diploma .
F	creon sentences her to death .
F	she has 1 brother named rob kardashian jr. 2 sisters , kim and kourtney .
F	her third album was released in early 2001 , titled kite , which sold successfully with 300,000 copies in taiwan and more than 950,000 in china .
M	he later worked on boston 's fortifications .
M	he served 12 terms as a republican representative from the 4th district of illinois , a suburban region south and west of chicago , eventually becoming the ranking member of the house foreign relations committee .
F	after she reached the very top of her profession , `` that 's when i started getting nervous ... thatâ s when i started putting a lot of pressure on myself '' .
F	we will create an event for ophã lie , every year , until full light will be shed on her disappearance and death , until justice is done !
M	his partner was the portuguese driver , tiago monteiro .
F	while working on women 's rights , she was a long close friend of beauvoir , jean-paul sartre and beauvoir 's sister , the painter hã lã ne de beauvoir .
F	she was born january 3rd , 1950 .
M	the waiter hands him the bill .
M	in art , he is shown as a bearded mummified man , often wearing a skull cap , holding a djed .
M	he died in 1848 and is buried at nashville city cemetery in nashville , tennessee .
F	the series shows the surreal adventures of a cow , named cow , and her chicken brother , named chicken .
F	kohl is known for her collection of german-style cooking recipes , kulinarische reise durch deutsche lã nder -lrb- culinary journey through german regions -rrb- , published in 1996 .
M	he was buried there in jerusalem .
F	her mother , amber , is a dinner lady and her father , roy , is a window fitter ; they separated when she was thirteen .
M	after wagner 's death , his widow cosima continued to run the festival .
F	the countess geschwitz then arrives with a portrait of lulu which she has brought from paris .
F	jpg thumb upright annasophia robb 's portrayal of leslie was praised ; one critic enjoyed her `` engaging '' performance '' , and thought `` only the story 's vibrant young heroine -lrb- ... -rrb- draws us in enough to care '' .
F	her father was masukichi katå , a fishmonger , and her mother kimie katå , a housewife .
F	by the second semester of her sophomore year , she left school to focus on her musical career .
M	triple h was unsuccessful in his attempt , this match was followed by rhodes with assistance from the legacy team member ted dibiase beating down triple h. this event led to triple h seeking help from shawn michaels to reform the group , d-generation x -lrb- dx -rrb- , to face and beat rhodes and dibiase at summerslam .
F	later , she made an extensive study of the cytogenetics of maize races from south america .
M	he started building his own reflecting telescopes and would spend up to 16 hours a day grinding and polishing the metal primary mirrors .
M	the name vibrio derives from filippo pacini who isolated microorganisms he called `` vibrions '' from cholera patients in 1854 .
F	she was ill with breast cancer for several years .
F	lilo 's mother and father have died in a car crash , so her older sister nani takes care of her .
F	she does research and field work on human fossils in east africa .
F	given , she can recover the original message m.
M	carlos edwin `` carly '' colã n , jr. -lrb- born on february 21 1979 -rrb- is a puerto rican professional wrestler better known internationally by his ring name carlito .
M	and harry , therefore , did have to reach a point where he did almost break down , and say he didnâ t want to play anymore , he didnâ t want to be the hero anymore â `` and heâ d lost too much .
M	because he was germany 's greatest war hero , hindenburg won the election in the second round of voting held on 26 april 1925 .
M	while there he became a science master of the simferopol gymnasium â -- 1 .
F	catarina pereira -lrb- born june 13 1990 -rrb- is a portugese singer and actress who competed with her song , `` canta por mim '' -lrb- sing for me -rrb- , for the chance to sing for portugal at the eurovision song contest 2010 .
M	he was soon elected captain of the donnybrook company , then commandant of the third battalion and adjutant of the dublin brigade .
M	king creole was said to have been presley 's favorite role of his entire career .
F	however , she quickly got the respect of her teammates by winning the reward challenge for ulong .
M	in the 1960s , de laurentiis built his own studio facilities .
F	her mother , susan duff , is a producer .
M	the author has the events glided â into the playful by his gently ironyâ .
F	she was engaged in an intimate friendship with actress marie dorval , which led to widespread but unconfirmed rumors of a lesbian affair .
M	he was undefeated , and scored 6.5 \/ 10 â '' seven draws and three victories , two against vassily ivanchuk and the other against magnus carlsen in the final round .
M	powell traveled on the continent during his holidays .
M	he wrote books in esperanto .
F	in december 1947 , she married the famous bass player ray brown .
M	in 1586 gesualdo married his first cousin , donna maria d'avalos , the daughter of the marquis of pescara .
F	in 2002 the bulgarian president honored her with a stara planina medal , considered the highest national award .
F	`` ther -lrb- e -rrb- was a man who loved her without having seen her but -lrb- k -rrb- new her very well .
F	the most famous person from san nicolas island was the `` lone woman of san nicolas island '' , called juana maria ; her real name was never known to anyone .
M	he is best known as one of the founding members of the rock band the rolling stones .
M	he looks for musetta .
M	carã me passed the test and finished his training in talleyrand 's kitchens .
M	he worked as a foreman in the lewelling family fruit orchards in milwaukie for about 35 years , supervising other workers and caring for trees .
F	through the indio women 's club and many similar women 's groups , nurse mccarroll launched a statewide letter writing campaign to tell of her proposal .
M	he led the barnstormers to the arena bowl in both 1996 and 1997 .
M	he lived the remainder of his life in france .
F	in 1972 she recorded an album called jazz at santa monica civic ' 72 , which was successful .
F	in queen catherine she discovered a role that was almost as well adapted to her acting powers as that of lady macbeth .
F	she was said to be the `` iron lady '' -lrb- a strong minded woman -rrb- of israel 's politics years before that name became said about the british prime minister , margaret thatcher .
F	another rivalry from the raw brand was melina challenging beth phoenix for her wwe women 's championship in a singles match .
F	other workers discovered the body of a flight attendant with her hands tied up .
M	his worship increased much in the v dynasty , when he became a state deity .
M	in 2005 heatley asked to be traded because of his involvement in a car accident that killed teammate dan snyder .
F	she had a regular role on the smothers brothers show .
F	she hosted live with regis and kathie lee .
F	you could see her there ev ` ry day , shout `` hurray '' when they 'd play .
F	she begins to suspect mr. monckton .
M	he plays for ventforet kofu .
F	however , after she traveled to the tournament she learned she had been tricked : `` i found out that the first - and second-place winners in the womenâ s event were going to be invited to play in the menâ s event .
M	his team withdrew cavendish from the tour of romandie after he made an offensive gesture after winning the second stage .
F	she was the oldest daughter of henry viii , and the only surviving child of catherine of aragon .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	around 1503 â `` 1505 he produced the first seventeen of a set illustrating the life of the virgin , which he did not finish for some years .
F	in may of 2006 , bonham carter launced her own fashion line called , `` the pantaloonies , '' with swimwear designer samantha sage .
F	she was a lonely girl around new york , just kept herself to herself , for the gig . ''
M	no one was killed except the perpetrator `` asa coon '' who committed suicide by fatally shooting himself in the right side of his head .
F	she also made her first solo album , airs and graces in 1976 .
F	they kept guarding her at the hospital until she died from cirrhosis of the liver on july 17 , 1959 .
F	her works were made between 1946 and 1971 it showed new views by merging traditional spadework with linguistics and mythological info .
M	he was banned from leaving the country between 1971 and 1991 .
M	the 1986 â `` 87 season was his first full year in the nhl .
F	she has also served as a judge for several years on the riba annual architecture award panels .
M	his son was a carmelite prior in the nearby city of nã 1\/4 rnberg .
F	`` i kissed a girl '' is the first single by pop singer katy perry from her album one of the boys -lrb- 2008 -rrb- , produced by dr. luke .
F	she was born in lewisham and grew up in grove park .
F	in love and freindship , she laughed at popular sentimental novels .
M	he is still considered a hero by many anarchists and republicans .
F	she is credited with inventing the silk reel , which joins thin silk threads into a thicker thread strong enough for weaving .
F	in a reward challenge where the players voted about the other players , courtney was shocked to find out that they thought she was the most unpopular of the tribe .
F	the u.s. senate confirmed her on january 20 , 2005 after bush 's inauguration for a second term .
F	her parents divorced when she was still an infant .
F	when the two are left alone , she tells schã n that she is thinking of leaving with the prince to go to africa .
M	rudolph i 1298-1356 rivalled as saxon prince-elector by his cousin john ii .
M	in 1975 , he starteded a nabajug tebhaga khamar -lrb- new era three share farm -rrb- which the government called the packaged input programme .
F	she was critically injured january 8 , 2011 , during a shooting in tucson , arizona , though she survived the shooting .
F	wollstonecraft calls for equality between the sexes in particular areas of life , such as morality , but she does not write that men and women are equal in all things .
F	in boccaccio 's decameron a memorably morbid tale -lrb- novella v -rrb- tells of lisabetta , whose brothers slay her lover .
F	after 25 years she became maid in the house of the composer ruth crawford seeger and charles seeger .
M	he performed in prague and in london where in 1910 he conducted tristan und isolde and ethel smyth 's the wreckers at covent garden .
M	it was started by samuel shenton in 1956 , and then it was led by charles k. johnson , who made his home the organization 's base .
M	the last official champion was rob van dam when he won the title from tommy dreamer to unify the title with the wwe intercontinental championship .
F	tamamo-no-mae 's body mysteriously always smelled wonderful , and her clothes never became dirty .
M	he was a leader of the progressive movement , and was noted for making a wide range of reforms as governor in the 1920s .
F	she wrote about her miscarriage in some of her poems .
M	he plays for jeonbuk hyundai motors and korea republic national team .
M	ranford spent his junior career with the new westminster bruins , playing two seasons with the team before being drafted by the boston bruins in the 3rd round -lrb- 52nd overall -rrb- in the 1985 nhl entry draft .
M	in 1991 , rodrigo was raised to the nobility by king juan carlos ; he was given the title marquã s de los jardines de aranjuez -lrb- marquis of the gardens of aranjuez -rrb- .
F	however , `` she also learned that , even in fun , pool stars did not like losing in public , especially not to children , and less , even , to girl children .
M	in the first season , an outgoing supreme court justice tells president bartlet that he had been wanting to retire for 5 years , but waited `` for a democrat . ''
M	he was in the hospital for several years , and it was while he was there that he began to paint .
M	however , hunt did not correctly register his claim .
M	he is perhaps best known as the co-host of the cult-favorite american gladiators series for seven years .
M	in 1970 he conducted monteverdi 's opera ritorno d'ulisse in patria at la scala , milan .
F	she flew to barbados .
M	after god speaks to job and his three friends .
M	he calls out the names of the important heroes of the mexican war of independence and ends with the shout of viva mexico !
M	he had a 1.37 goals-against average , which is an average of goals surrendered in a span of sixty minutes -rrb- .
M	when frederick ii died in 1786 , his nephew frederick william ii succeeded him , and charlottenburg became his favorite residence , as it was for his son and successor frederick william iii .
F	austen herself lived alone until her death on 22 march 1845 , aged 72 .
M	it was in honor of his wife .
F	the former governor-general , major general michael jeffery , said in 2004 : `` her majesty is australia 's head of state but i am her representative and to all intents and purposes i carry out the full role . ''
F	she first became actively involved in fossil discoveries in 1977 , at the age of six , when she became the youngest person to find hominid fossils .
F	she originally wanted to be a marine biologist , but changed her mind after she saw the movie jaws .
F	she had been there when she was 19 years old .
M	in 1957 he produced his first drawing containing a true impossible object : cube with magic ribbons .
M	pliny 's uncle , pliny the elder , helped raise and educate him and they were both witnesses to the eruption of vesuvius on august 24th , 79 ad .
F	she requested that her uncle , james buchanan , be made her guardian .
F	joan bennett had three distinct phases to her long and successful career , first as a winsome blonde ingenue , then as a brunette femme fatale and , finally , as a warm-hearted wife\/mother figure .
F	she lives in tokyo .
F	the first death was reported on 20 november 2010 , when a woman drowned in her vehicle near dysart .
F	the video was directed by kinga burza and it featured nash playing different instruments at the same time that her friend `` caroline '' sits in her room playing music , taking photographs , trying on different clothes , listening to david bowie , putting on makeup and sitting at her computer checking a website .
M	domingo jonhy vega urzã a -lrb- december 24 , 1977 , arica , chile -rrb- , commonly known as amã rico , is a chilean singer , who became known when he started leading the band amã rico y la nueva alegrã a.
F	mary ann -lrb- marian -rrb- evans -lrb- 22 november 1819 â `` 22 december 1880 -rrb- , better known by her pen name george eliot , was an english novelist .
M	ltd. , as his father , who owns a gold retail store wanted kwok to gain experience in the business and eventually taking over the family business .
F	she was succeeded by the son of electress sophia , george i.
F	on 24 june 1989 , after being confined to a hospital in tokyo , she died from pneumonia at the age of 52 .
F	she performed `` dangerously in love 2 '' at the 2004 grammy awards , where it won in the category of `` best female r&b vocal performance '' .
F	mrs. truman always traveled with her and shared the public platform with her husband .
F	she graduated from swarthmore college in 1920 and went on to princeton to assist henry norris russell .
F	dione in greek mythology is a vague goddess presence who has her most concrete was the mother of aphrodite .
F	she brought in a staff of kamba tribesmen , instead of kikuyu , who , she felt , took advantage of louis .
M	the generalissimo regards these armies as the chief threat to his supremacy ... has made no sincere attempt to arrange at least a truce with them for the duration of the war ... no diplomatic genius could have overcome the generalissimo 's basic unwillingness to risk his armies in battle with the japanese ...
M	he was involved in funk music and created a genre called p-funk .
F	she helps the bride on the day of a wedding or marriage ceremony .
F	she has also been called the virgin queen or good queen bess .
F	when she was found reading a book before her mother had read it , olga joked that her mother must wait until olga had made sure that it was a proper book for her to read .
F	her books are both the subject of great study and the center of various fan culture .
M	while in england , hendrix asked cox to join him in a new band ; cox said no.
F	she went to priors field school , then went to the royal academy of music and then got a scholarship to the guildhall school of music .
F	monroe often refused to take direction from wilder , or insisted on numerous retakes of simple scenes until she was satisfied .
F	improvisation became an important part of her understanding of what it means to be an actress , as she noted in an interview for the believer in november 2003 :
M	while the stories were probably not very accurate , the newspaper readers of the 19th century did not expect , or necessarily want , his stories to be pure nonfiction .
M	his descendant still claims the title today .
F	at ulong , with all her tribemates gone , stephenie tearfully struggles to take care of herself ; but after getting a canister at tree mail , she was told to go to the koror camp and gleefully left her now empty campsite .
F	deianaira gets attacked by some men but the figure in the dark robe saves her and tells her to follow her destiny .
M	he also interceded in the negotiations for the independence of namibia , the conflict in western sahara between morocco and the polisario front , and the cyprus issue .
F	she is noted for usually playing fiercely passionate heroines in her films .
M	his first published work , the novella geschwisterliebe -lrb- or `` sibling love '' -rrb- , appeared in the berlin figaro in december 1839 .
M	he played his college football at stanford and his whole professional career for the denver broncos football team of the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
M	campbell county , tennessee , is named in his honor .
F	she is also considered a manifestation of sarasvati and sometimes identified with the bodhisattva tara .
F	although marie adã laã de was much in love with her orlã ans cousin , louis xv warned penthiã vre against such a marriage because of the reputation of the young duke of chartres as a womaniser .
M	kendall lyons said that , `` aang seems to be the happy kid that you can easily familiarize yourself with '' , and that he `` seems to bring comfort in the most dangerous or trouble situations . ''
F	born in switzerland , she grew up in st. louis , missouri , and later became a teacher , a nurse , and a doctor .
F	she graduated in 1970 in washington and got another exam in 1971 in amsterdam .
M	he is known for his roles as the egomaniacal dwight schrute on the american television comedy the office .
F	in april 2009 , she sang a duet with former noel member kang kyun-seong called `` happy and '' .
F	she also a princess of saxe-coburg and gotha and a `` duchess in saxony '' from birth , as well as a princess of teck by marriage , until 1917 when she was ordered to give up all german titles by the letters patent of george v. she was godmother to queen beatrix of the netherlands , who was the granddaughter of her first cousin , queen wilhelmina of the netherlands .
F	during the task , she was assigned as big brother 's personal assistant and had to carry out various duties , which often resulted in nikki throwing a tantrum and refusing to comply .
M	he is considered one of the great masters of the persian panegyric qasideh .
F	she was a founder of the house of chanel .
F	during the 2009 world figure skating championships , held in los angeles , united states , she set another new world record of 76.12 points , surpassing her previous record by almost four points .
F	soon after , pornographic cartoons were printed about rasputin having relations with the empress , her four daughters and anna vyrubovna .
M	he restored the ancient section of ` l'internazionale ' in naples , with the help of the young errico malatesta .
M	when the babis were caught , the government put many bã bã s in jail , including bahã ` u 'll ã h. while in jail at tehran , bahã ` u 'll ã h said he saw an angel that he called the `` maid of heaven '' .
F	after her grandfather 's death in 1850 she was trained to teach , but after few times she saw that napoleon iii prevented her from serving in a state school .
F	she moved to the bush in her early twenties .
F	when she was found out , jason and medea went to live in the greek city of corinth .
M	in the 20th century , the gorgoneion was used by gianni versace as a logo for his fashion company .
M	executive producer joel silver said that his name would remain : `` he worked really hard on the arc of the series .
M	he is probably best known for his roles as tony montana in the film scarface and as michael corleone in the godfather .
F	her most recent film role was that of the mother of judy -lrb- parker posey -rrb- in the 2002 romantic comedy , the sweetest thing .
M	since mathematics is related to logic , he cites an example from mathematics : if we have a formula like -lrb- a + b -rrb- -lrb- a-b -rrb- = aâ - bâ it does not tell us how to think mathematically .
M	he played two seasons for the regina aces -lrb- later renamed the regina vic-aces -rrb- of the saskatchewan senior hockey league from 1938 through 1940 before deciding to continue his career at the professional level .
F	her paternal grandparents were charles albert of sardinia and maria theresa of austria and tuscany .
F	therefore , the president asked priscilla to assist letitia in her duties as the first lady .
F	gaga felt that she was more creative than some of her classmates .
M	he plays for oita trinita .
F	her replies were written replies .
M	he plays for sagawa printing .
F	she was playing the unfaithful wife of main character paul sutton -lrb- keanu reeves -rrb- .
M	louis had considered broom 's paranthropus genus , but rejected it because he believed zinj was in the homo ancestral stock but paranthropus was not .
F	she was the daughter of emperor gaozong and empress wu zetian .
F	she had an older sister , called kestra .
M	soon after his return , newcastle united f.c.
F	she became completely republican during this time period , despite her exile .
F	in her research , she is known to be a disciple of the late azerbaijani historian ziya bunyadov .
M	he was a child prodigy and began performing to audiences at the age of five .
F	she began singing and dancing in her hometown at events and shows .
F	on one hand , the pta and women 's clubs joined her in opposing military training in the schools .
F	it ended in 2005 after her affair with adam copeland .
M	in poland , death , or å mierä , has an appearance that is similar to the our modern grim reaper , but instead of a black robe , he wears a white robe .
M	during the 1966 â `` 1967 season he played 44 games , posting a 2.46 goals against average .
M	his father , marc , played 210 games in the nhl for the pittsburgh penguins and los angeles kings .
M	poitier 's birth was premature and people did not expect him to survive , but his parents stayed three months in miami until he became well .
F	when apollo 's lover coronis was pregnant , apollo told the raven to watch over her .
F	early in her career she portrayed mary shelley and patty hearst in feature films , and she received critical acclaim and a theatre world award for her broadway debut in the 1993 revival of anna christie .
M	he fell in love with a french woman , annette vallon , who in 1792 gave birth to their child , caroline .
M	in 1841 , he was made commandeur de la lã gion d'honneur , the first time a musician had been given that title .
F	zeus then gave lamia the gift of being able to take her eyes out , so that she could rest .
F	henley now lives in ilkley , west yorkshire , and attends bradford grammar school , where she is a member of the ilkley upstagers ' theatre group
F	shortly afterward , gillard was sworn in as the 27th prime minister of australia by the governor-general , quentin bryce , and wayne swan was sworn in as her deputy .
F	with the help of bran they plan on secretly taking niamh out of sã dhe dubh and take her to a christian nunnery where she can be safe .
F	she regularly performed with conductors such as barbirolli , sir adrian boult , sir malcolm sargent , daniel barenboim -lrb- her husband -rrb- , zubin mehta , and leonard bernstein .
F	even though she still had back pain , she went to the 2008 world figure skating championships in gothenburg , sweden .
M	siyyid kã zim was born in 1793 and he died in 1843 .
F	on october 12 , she appeared in ovw under her real name .
M	gary paul davis -lrb- born march 1 , 1969 in upland , california -rrb- , known by his stage name litefoot , is an american rapper and actor .
F	in 2004 balkanska released an album called glas ot vechnostta -lrb- voice from the eternity -rrb- , comprising some of her most popular songs such as a bre yunache ludo i mlado , goro le goro zelena , and maychinko stara maychinko .
F	although well known as an actress herself , she also had fame as being the fourth wife of actor humphrey bogart .
F	rhea also starred as hilda spellman for the situation comedy sabrina , the teenage witch and replaced rosie o'donnell as the hostess for her syndicated talk show -lrb- which was renamed the caroline rhea show -rrb- .
F	she called them both `` enlightenment feminists '' .
M	because of this , he appeared in lots of videos and photographs with the cub , and became well-known in germany .
F	in 1777 , she went to play in the provinces .
F	she finally receives the power to heal in the middle of season 8 .
F	the magna carta forced the barons to pay for the eldest daughter 's wedding , and later sleeping with her was made high treason , punishable by death - a law only changed in 1998
M	a few weeks after the fight , wladimir klitschko , the ibf , ibo , and wbo heavyweight champion , said he wanted to fight haye .
F	her short story `` new zealand '' won first place in the 2003 ppw paul gillette memorial writing contest , and was the winner of the rocky mountain fiction writers short story anthology contest .
F	she is the deputy first minister of scotland , cabinet secretary for health and wellbeing , deputy leader of the scottish national party -lrb- snp -rrb- and member of the scottish parliament -lrb- msp -rrb- for glasgow govan .
M	rybak went to the eurovision song contest 2010 in oslo to perform his winning entry from the previous year .
M	triple h said that evolution needed to stick together and went with him anyway .
M	a student of camille saint-sa ã `` ns , he served as the organist of saint-augustin church in paris for 62 years .
F	her marriage bought a lot of art treasures to the house of medici which are today at the palazzo pitti uffizi gallery in florence .
M	he made a number of videos for the cky .
F	however , wertham also claimed that wonder woman 's strength and independence made her a lesbian .
F	she was born in juniper hill , a hamlet in north-east oxfordshire .
F	many of her most famous recordings were made on this instrument , including the elgar concerto with barbirolli , the robert schumann cello concerto with barenboim and the two brahms cello sonatas .
F	margherita di savoia or margaret of savoy -lrb- born november 20 , 1851 in turin , died january 4 , 1926 in bordighera -rrb- , was an italian queen of the kingdom of italy during the reign -lrb- 1878-1900 -rrb- of her husband , humbert i.
F	she is also a dominant player in doubles , winning nine grand slam doubles titles .
M	he has played for brazil national team .
F	taylor was often the first person to record so she had to `` imagine how the previous line will be said .
M	he is a power forward for the los angeles clippers of the national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- .
M	in 1956 , he married joy gresham , an american writer .
F	she signed with the agency and began researching the work of jean harlow and lana turner .
F	finding that they can not free her , faust and the devil run away from the prison cell , while voices from heaven say that gretchen shall be saved .
F	she was the last queen consort of ireland and empress consort of india .
F	she has also written music for young people such as lights and shadows -lrb- 1989 -rrb- which includes childrenâ s choir , recorder group and lots of percussion .
F	mashiro blanc de windbloom is her name in my-otome .
M	he plays for sagan tosu .
F	anna eleanor liked to use the name eleanor , using her name as anna eleanor only in official papers and for signing bank checks .
F	louise henriette died on 9 february 1759 at the age of thirty-two , with her husband and children at her side , at the palais-royal , the orlã ans residence in paris .
M	yunus and his workers were threatened and women were told they would not have a muslim burial if they borrowed money from the grameen bank , but they have given many , many loans to poor people .
M	in 1951 and 1952 , he conducted again at the bayreuth festspielhaus where he changed the seating plan for the orchestra that had been compulsory since wagner made it in 1876 .
F	she is married to actor ashton kutcher .
F	when eve touched the tree of knowledg , the angel of death talked to her , and she thought : `` now i shall die , and god will create another wife for adam '' .
M	he is most famous as one of the founders of the alternative rock band r.e.m.
M	all three were created from izanagi , when he washed his face to clean the dirtiness of yomi , the underworld .
F	after the marriage of her two older half-sisters , marie louise and anne marie born of the first marriage of their father to henrietta of england , she was known as madame royale , according to her status as the highest-ranking unmarried princess in france .
F	the birth of the modern pointe shoe may be due to the early 20th century russian ballerina , anna pavlova , who was one of the most famous and influential dancers of her time .
M	he also wrote the screenplay for the 1996 movie romeo + juliet and co-wrote the 2001 movie moulin rouge !
M	it is also believed that he may have thought that graham could help with his conservative , anti-communist views .
F	she is the half-sister of the present jordanian king , abdullah ii .
M	while in college , lang noticed the name and address of the origami center of america , and he soon became friends with other experienced paperfolders , including michael lafosse , john montroll , joseph wu , and paul jackson .
M	he is a one time intercontinental champion and is the first african american to ever hold the title .
M	the first stage of cruelty shows nero , when he is a child , hurting a dog .
F	the canonic variations on `` vom himmel hoch da komm ' ich her '' -lrb- from heaven above to earth i come -rrb- , bwv 769 is a well-known piece of music for organ by johann sebastian bach .
F	in 2006 , she released her autobiography , den nakna sanningen -lrb- `` the naked truth '' -rrb- , written together with journalist and television host daniel nyhlã n.
M	he has played for italy national team .
F	p70 she was the second woman , after gaprindashvili , to be awarded the title .
F	elinor ostrom born august 7 1933 in california , usa is an american scientist who won the nobel prize 2009 in economic sciences which she had to share with oliver williamson .
M	back on earth the villagers thank hercules for helping them and he and deianeira go home .
F	according to mythology , diana was born with her twin brother apollo on the island of delos .
M	he spun several times , requiring two new nose cones for his car .
M	on one occasion where he with relatives of the hunger strike , he refused to meet the family of bobby sands mp , the officer commanding of the provisional ira hunger strikers , and the first to die on this strike , along with the sister of raymond mccreesh , who had died on 21 may .
M	in 1957 , he started studying at the department of economics of dhaka university .
M	at jena he joined a burschenschaft -lrb- political students ' club -rrb- .
M	he was voted best defender in the uefa champions league in 2005 .
M	he graduated from the moscow conservatory .
F	her parents are herbert daniel hewitt and patricia mae shipp .
F	strong wrote a book titled when serfs stood up in tibet based on her experience during this period , which include the chinese invasion of tibet .
F	also according to al-din genghis 's borjigid clan , had a legend involving their origins : it began as the result of an affair between alan-ko and a stranger to her land , a glittering man who happened to have red hair and bluish-green eyes .
F	she was on the abc 's australian story program in march 2006 , a poll in april 2006 , for network ten 's meet the press program , found that people wanted gillard to be labor leader .
F	in the sixth book , harry potter and the half-blood prince harry enters a tumultuous puberty that , rowling says , is based on her and her younger sister 's own difficult teenage years .
F	a few months after she was born , her mother hired a woman named elizabeth littlewood to nurse her .
F	she also lost in the second round of the doubles event -lrb- partnering francesca schiavone -rrb- to shahar peer and gisela dulko .
F	she was born in gã vle , sweden , and grew up in stockholm .
F	over the same time period , she won every single women 's professional tournament in which she competedâ '' sixteen in all .
F	according to greek mythology , she then pushes the baby away and a stream of her milk sprays the night sky , making a faint band of light known as the milky way .
F	she built the catherine palace , now known as the cameron gallery .
M	following his retirement , edwards pursued a media career as a television presenter .
M	hence the name : he said , `` i intend it to be really a mirror of feminine life as well on its grave as on its lighter sides ... to be entertaining without being frivolous , and serious without being dull '' , and also invited men to read it .
F	her mother , annie , died when she was still a little girl .
F	kim clijsters was the defending champion , and successfully defended her 2009 title , after she won 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 1 , against vera zvonareva in the final .
M	recorded and released in 1971 , the album had songs that were gentler , more commercial and less avant-garde than the ones he released on his previous album , john lennon\/plastic ono band .
F	she was raised by her mother on new york 's upper east side .
F	she was the women 's world chess champion from 1996 to 1999 .
M	wilson and his colleagues identified the fossil remains of an ant -lrb- sphecomyrma freyi -rrb- from the cretaceous period .
M	after finishing his high school education at mahadeva high school , khusrupur , he passed his high school from patna college in 1953 .
F	scenes she observed -lrb- saw -rrb- on the ohio river , including seeing a husband and wife being sold apart , as well as newspaper and magazine accounts and interviews , contributed material to the emerging plot . ''
M	most recently , he was joe in beckett 's eh joe , giving two performances a night at the duke of york 's theatre in london .
F	in this episode , marge tells the story of how she and homer first met and fell in love .
M	he took all of the science courses except advanced physics .
F	when carter was five years old , her mother had a serious nervous breakdown , which took her three years to recover from .
F	lilly has three children from her marriage to peter : peter , minnie , and liza .
F	her favorite funny scene is when harry accidentally sets a boa constrictor free from the zoo in the horrified dursleys ' presence .
M	he managed to crack the bruins full-time in 1974 â `` 75 , highlighted by a four-goal game against the golden seals , the team that had given up on him two years earlier .
F	`` lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off '' is also the title of another song by panic at the disco .
M	during his time in winchester weelkes composed two more volumes of madrigals , published in 1598 and 1600 .
F	with menelaus she had a daughter , hermione .
M	he is a minimalist .
F	nyssa 's fate after she leaves the tardis is not known , although the spin-off novel asylum , by peter darvill-evans , reveals that she eventually leaves terminus and settles down as an academic in a university on an unspecified planet .
M	he plays for kashima antlers .
M	he also played the viola for a short while , then , at the age of four , he started the cello .
M	in 1850 he was elected to the united states house of representatives again but died two weeks into his term on november 19 , 1850 .
M	he has given several pieces of hannah montana cast memorabilia to the college 's fund raisers .
F	she was selected by barbara walters as one of america 's 10 most fascinating people of 2008 .
F	cecilia tries hard to warn mrs. harrel not to spend money so thoughtlessly , but silly and weak , she will not listen to her friend .
M	after racing , he became a show horse and a roping horse .
F	she published a paper in 1953 where she presented all her statistical data , and undertook lecture tours to universities throughout the 1950s to speak about her work .
F	at last , she decided to publish the book herself .
M	however , prescott became interested in the history of spain due to his friend george ticknor , who had become professor of spanish studies at harvard university .
F	as laree , she managed several male wrestlers .
F	she tells percy that she wants to listen to the sirens ' songs .
M	in 1973 merckx rode in the vuelta a espaã a where he beat luis ocana and bernard thã venet and then went on to win the giro d'italia .
F	joan waste -lrb- 1534 - 1 august 1556 -rrb- was a blind woman who was burned in derby because she would not stop being a protestant .
M	after capablanca 's death , alekhine expressed surprise at his own victory , since in 1927 he had not thought he was superior to capablanca , and he suggested that capablanca had been over-confident .
M	he writes both lyrics and music .
F	she was the world 's highest paid and most photographed model of the time .
M	philip vi -lrb- 1293 â `` 22 august 1350 -rrb- , called `` the fortunate '' was king of france from 1328 to his death .
M	eleven grammophone records were made by robert johnson with vocalion during his lifetime , and a twelfth record was made once he had died .
M	his first attempt to pass emancipation legislation failed in 1777 and failed again in 1785 , but he succeeded in 1799 , signing the law that eventually emancipated the slaves of new york ; the last were freed before his death .
F	she starred as strawberry alice for 1992 's unforgiven and as ruth dewitt bukater in the 1997 film titanic .
F	she joined core during the sit-in movement and volunteered for freedom summer in 1964 .
F	dame shirley veronica bassey -lrb- born january 8 , 1937 -rrb- is a welsh singer , she is best known for singing the theme songs for the james bond films , goldfinger , diamonds are forever , and moonraker .
M	his motto is mundus vult decipi .
F	she was a muslim and married shah jahan , the mughal emperor on may 10 , 1612 at the age of 19 .
M	his son roderick joined the u.s. army and fought in world war i france .
M	his water-related abilities tend to be stronger in sea water than in fresh water .
M	during an october 1922 interview with dr. l.a. rademaker , editor of the hague newspaper ` het vaderland ' , dorus complained about his situation .
M	it was first published posthumously in 1977 , edited by his son christopher tolkien .
F	edmund agrees , and she leaves , just as lucy meets edmund .
M	the recording of his roscommon dialect is one of the few recordings of the dialect , which has now died out .
F	one of the main story arcs is that of river tam -lrb- summer glau -rrb- and her brother simon -lrb- sean maher -rrb- .
M	in 1941 tresca , in a revealing moment , admitted to max eastman that nicola sacco was guilty of the crime with which he was charged , though vanzetti was innocent .
F	on june 11 she released her first ep on her new label wow music .
M	his first international outing as prime minister was the 20th apec meeting in peru the following day .
F	she also lost in the second round of the doubles -lrb- with chuang -rrb- and mixed doubles -lrb- with mahesh bhupathi -rrb- .
F	raitt is also an avid political activist and has received nine grammy awards in her career .
M	by 1822 nash had finished his work on the ocean pavilion , which was now transformed into the royal pavilion .
F	the already twice widowed charles emmanuel iii of sardinia asked for her hand in late 1736 and the marriage went ahead .
F	she is the member of parliament for the camberwell and peckham constituency in the house of commons of the united kingdom .
M	he won one race and finish in ninth place .
F	she also won second in the free skate with the score of 111.70 points , because of her mistakes in her jumps .
M	he was married to tertulla , who was a half-sister of his co-conspirator , brutus .
M	he became the youngest formula one driver in history at the hungarian grand prix .
F	she has published numerous articles on prostitution and sex trafficking .
F	franklin and the fifth of six overall in between past relationships by her parents .
F	she also dj 'd , playing early rap music on the reggae pirate dread broadcasting corporation .
M	copies that were for europe were shipped early and german blogger philipp lenssen of google blogoscoped made a scanned copy of the 38-page comic available on his website after receiving it on 1 september 2008 .
F	she had twenty one country hits in the 1970s and 1980s .
F	of course , she was only a child . ''
M	the topic of inappropriate im use became front page news in october 2006 when congressman mark foley resigned his seat after admitting sending offensive instant messages of a sexual nature to underage former house pages from his congressional office pc .
F	she was previously assistant to the president for domestic policy to president bush .
M	he produced relatively few artworks , while moving quickly through the avant-garde circles of his time .
F	when faustina died in 141 , antoninus was greatly bereaved and had a temple built in the roman forum in her name , had coins with her portrait struck in her honor , and created a charity called girls of faustina , which assisted orphaned girls .
M	he is known for scores on movies .
M	he was the first vocalist of hammerfall .
F	however , in the 1840s the swiss-american expert on fossil fish louis agassiz did name two fossil fish species , acrodus anningiae , and belenostomus anningiae , after her , and another after her friend elizabeth philpot .
F	she sang these songs at the 1969 woodstock festival and the songs became famous .
F	her birthplace is boone , iowa .
F	in 1973 her australian title no longer included her status as queen of the united kingdom and defender of the faith .
M	many of his smaller works for one or two voices and instruments he called air sã rieux or air ã boire if they are in french , but cantata if they are in italian .
M	they killed him when he tried to lead them to the king 's manor to pay a trading tax on their goods .
M	he was knighted in 1909 .
M	two of his former assistants , osamu kajisa -lrb- tattoo hearts -rrb- and yuuichi itakura -lrb- hand 's -rrb- , have also gone on to moderate success following their work on naruto .
F	she is also known for her acting on all my children and hope & faith , both television series on abc .
F	she became one of the most famous singers of the late victorian era and the early 20th century .
F	ten boom co-wrote her autobiography , the hiding place .
F	carson also began submitting articles on marine life in the chesapeake bay , based on her research for the series , to local newspapers and magazines .
M	he is normally in command of a brigade , about 3,000 men .
F	after the labor loss at the october 2004 election , some people thought that gillard might challenge jenny macklin for the deputy leadership , but she did not do so .
F	in contrast to the peaceful and affectionate behaviors she observed , goodall also found an aggressive side of chimp nature at gombe stream .
M	this tests not only kiara and kovu 's relationship as they mature , but simba 's relationship with his daughter .
F	she died at the age of 93 in fairfax , virginia , while visiting a daughter who had suffered a stroke .
M	keating decides to help roark , because roark has finished some of his projects at college and at francon & heyer .
F	while living in the soviet union , she became more happy with the soviet government and wrote many books praising it .
M	figaro , susanna , and the countess plan together to embarrass the count and show how he has being trying to get the attentions of susanna .
F	when she returns to sevenwaters , she finds she is pregnant with bran 's child .
F	florence foster jenkins -lrb- born pennsylvania , u.s. , 19 july 1868 ; died 26 november , 1944 -rrb- was an american soprano who became famous because she was such a bad singer .
F	that day , shii ann 's tribe lost immunity , and she was voted off .
F	simone played the piano at the midtown bar & grill on pacific avenue in atlantic city to earn money for her studying .
M	he is most notable for his two terms as prime minister of great britain .
F	martha is based on the character roweena , a chain smoking hair stylist with a upper midwestern accent who gets into arguments with her best customer nadine -lrb- denny dillon -rrb- , while kelly generic is based on the character vicky , a valley girl who annoys others with her shallow questions and rambling stories and often is seen with her friend debbie -lrb- also dillon -rrb- .
M	before the early years of islam islam khalid bin walid , corresponding to a soldier in his youth was notorious in pure quraysh .
F	xenia , like her brothers , was educated by private tutors .
F	she had a third sister who died 1987 .
M	he tried to become a motorcycle mechanic , but instead he was assigned as a medic .
M	in other cases a large enough amount of energy can be provided to bring them back to life , usually provided by their human allies , even after being completely destroyed , as was the case with mebius , death at the hands of empera seijin , only to be revived shortly thereafter by the life energy of his allies .
M	his experience of death and destruction is a central theme in at least six of his other books .
M	his brother annibale and cousin lodovico carracci were more famous than he was .
F	she attended oklahoma baptist university in shawnee and university of central oklahoma in edmond .
M	he urged free tv licences for the elderly and was against museum charges .
M	he retired to darmstadt , where he practiced as a physician and contributed regularly to pathological and physiological magazines .
M	he served as the minister of culture and tourism in the south korean government from 2003 to 2004 .
F	in 1975 she averaged 4.05 , while no other player averaged even 3 .
F	she was also one of the first writers of japanese lesbian books , including the class s genre .
M	he plays for tokyo and japan national team .
M	in 1910 he began teaching at charterhouse school , godalming , surrey , where he met the poet robert graves , then a pupil ; in his autobiography , goodbye to all that , graves remembered mallory , who acted as best man at robert graves ' wedding in 1918 , fondly both for his encouragement of grave 's interest in literature in poetry and his instruction in climbing .
M	he was the first african american to serve as the nation 's education chief .
M	he progressed onto japanese formula three in 2004 , winning two of the 20 races and finishing fifth in the drivers ' championship .
F	michelle likes stevie nicks , peaches , and eminem , but she does n't like keane or james blunt .
F	her subsequent north-westerly drift had , by mid - , brought her to a position 37 m east of morrell 's recorded sighting .
F	also , her books did not have the frontier themes that often came out in american literature .
F	louise reluctantly agreed to meet the emperor at tilsit , but only to save `` her prussia . ''
F	her family lived in uppsala until 1702 , when the city burnt down , and they moved to stockholm .
M	his most famous early performance was the world start of igor stravinsky 's ballet the firebird , at the ballets russes , paris , on 25 june 1910 .
M	forsberg announced that he would make a return to the nhl on january 21 , 2011 but later retired after only 2 road games .
M	he was a member of the whig party .
F	she became part of the `` dream team girl group '' for samsung 's anycall called `` 4 tomorrow '' .
M	john calvin 's international influence on the development of the doctrines of the protestant reformation began at the age of 25 , when he started work on his first edition of the institutes of the christian religion in 1534 -lrb- published 1536 -rrb- .
M	from 1989 to 1999 , he edited the horizon weekly armenian newspaper .
M	however , the disqualification was confirmed before hushovd and his team lodged a protest .
M	because of this announcement , many alliance members began to distrust stone cold , looking at him with suspicious eyes , to which stone cold denied the charges and called vince a liar .
M	he plays for aston villa .
M	jayceon terrell taylor -lrb- born november 29 , 1979 -rrb- , better known by his stage name game formally `` the game '' , is an american rapper .
M	he trained as a teacher at the institute of education before working at the royal college of art .
F	brã 1\/4 nnhilde refuses to give her the ring that siegfried had given her as a token of their love .
M	he is mainly known for the church music he wrote .
M	mallory was born in mobberly , cheshire , the son of herbert leigh mallory -lrb- 1846 - 1943 -rrb- , a clergyman who changed his name to leigh-mallory in 1914 .
M	his television series hart to hart -lrb- 1979-1984 -rrb- , was most successful of all , wagner is jonathan hart who with his wife jennifer hart , stefanie powers , two detectives who solved the most difficult criminal cases in high society .
F	she often sang with elisabeth schwarzkopf , who said in an interview that seefried could do easily some things which other singers struggled all their lives to do .
M	he died in an car crash at st. catharines , ontario in 1974 at the age of 44 .
F	to try and stop metis having a child , zeus swallowed her whole .
M	his apprenticeship with the lathrops lasted seven years .
F	in 1962 monroe began filming something 's got to give , which was to be the third film of her four-film contract with 20th century fox .
M	he plays for panathinaikos .
F	aisling will be allowed to go sevenwaters and liadan can leaves with bran and gull if she can find them and leave before dusk .
F	the gorgon coins were made in 37 cities , making her image on coins second only to some of the main greek gods .
M	in 1554 mary i of england gave sudeley castle john brydges , lord chandos and it remained as his property throughout the reign of elizabeth i of england .
F	it was run by her sister , broniså awa .
F	at tribal council , janu said that she was fed up with the others and the game so she decided to `` throw a wrench '' to the possible plan of voting out stephenie and she quit the game .
M	he plays for hannover .
F	she was the strongest female player of the 1960s and 70s , and became the sixth women 's world chess champion -lrb- 1962 â `` 1978 -rrb- .
M	jah -rrb- , as he promised in the bible , and he will deliver them to zion , their name for paradise or ethiopia .
F	claudette spent the rest of the 1930s deftly alternating between romantic comedies and dramas , and found success in both : private worlds -lrb- 1935 -rrb- , with charles boyer ; she married her boss -lrb- 1935 -rrb- , with melvyn douglas ; the gilded lily -lrb- 1935 -rrb- and the bride comes home -lrb- 1935 -rrb- , both with fred macmurray ; under two flags -lrb- 1936 -rrb- , with ronald colman ; tovarich -lrb- 1937 -rrb- , again with boyer ; bluebeard 's eighth wife -lrb- 1938 -rrb- , with gary cooper ; zaza -lrb- 1939 -rrb- , with herbert marshall ; midnight -lrb- 1939 -rrb- , with don ameche ; it 's a wonderful world -lrb- 1939 -rrb- , with james stewart ; and drums along the mohawk -lrb- 1939 -rrb- , with henry fonda .
M	shere khan is still hunting for mowgli , which puts him , as well as shanti and baloo , in danger .
M	when figaro says that he himself is of noble birth and that he was stolen from his parents when he was a baby , it then turns out that figaro is the long-lost illegitimate son of bartolo and marcellina .
F	her brother , gunnar ericsson , was a member of the swedish parliament .
M	he has played with the new york yankees for many seasons .
M	the soviet invasion of afghanistan sends amir and his father escaping to the united states , because amir 's father has been known to curse the communists .
M	aged sixteen , he left to join the portsmouth borough police , against his family 's wishes .
M	he lives in philadelphia .
M	in 1891 , he became a member of the french acadã mie des beaux-arts .
F	the miniskirt , which she is most famous for , became one of the defining fashions of the 1960s .
F	based on her motherâ s name , hanuman is sometimes called as anjaneya , that is , one born of anjana .
M	he is the son of carlos colã n , sr. and the younger brother of pro wrestlers stacy and carly colã n , who used to wrestle as carlito in wwe .
F	she released her debut album in 2010 .
F	but thanks to assistance from south vietnamese photographer nick ut , and after surviving a 14-month hospital stay and 17 operations , she became an outspoken peace activist .
M	on february 23 , 2010 , it was reported that joran van der sloot had stated in an interview -lrb- first offered to rtl group in 2009 -rrb- that he had disposed of holloway 's body in a marsh on aruba .
F	she was born in melbourne at 20 october 1971 .
M	he played in the national hockey league for the boston bruins and in the wha for the cincinnati stingers .
M	his second wife , annalena mcafee , is the editor of the guardian 's review section .
F	monroe had performed poorly during each rehearsal , she was able to complete the performance without forgetting her lines .
M	near the end of alexander 's life , he began to suspect plots , and threatened aristotle in letters .
F	presently , as well as continuing her stage performance , she also works as a lecturer at galatasaray university .
M	his habilitation work was entitled , ' -lrb- published in english in 1989 titled the structural transformation of the public sphere : an inquiry into a category of bourgeois society -rrb- .
F	she was the daughter of numitor silvius , king of alba longa .
M	on august 2 , 2007 , the japan skating federation announced that it had suspended oda from national competition until the end of october and from international competition and exhibitions until the end of december , effectively withdrawing him from his two grand prix assignments while allowing him to compete at nationals and try to earn a spot to the 2008 worlds .
F	her younger brothers and sisters were susanna elizabeth -lrb- 1755-1800 -rrb- , charles -lrb- 1757-1817 -rrb- and charlotte ann -lrb- 1761 â `` 1838 -rrb- .
M	nelson expressed his disgust on his website , referring to wolf as a `` gory jackal '' , and threatened to sue him .
M	then dee dee said he was unable to sing while playing bass so tommy got joey to sing and then played drums himself leaving dee dee to backup sing .
M	his wife stephanie zu guttenberg is a member of the bismarck family .
M	he was also a mathematician , cosmologist and encyclopedic author .
M	in 1953 he married margot feist and they remained married until his death .
F	by her late preteens , franklin was regularly singing solo numbers in her father 's new bethel baptist church .
F	she starred with john hannah and william fichtner in 2002 's mds , and has made guest appearances in many television shows , including l.a. law , judging amy , the west wing , 7th heaven , friends , dawson 's creek , felicity , arrested development , lovespring international , two and a half men , weeds , boston legal , the l word , criminal minds , help me help you , gilmore girls , the new adventures of old christine , psych , monk and party down , among others .
F	yulia is known for her amazing contralto singing voice .
F	i think she likes me . ''
F	upon the execution of her husband , marie-ad ã laã de , now known as `` veuve ã galitã '' -lrb- widow ã galitã -rrb- , was incarcerated at the luxembourg palace , which had been transformed into a prison during the revolution .
F	`` servitude '' means what the nazis saw as germany 's `` servitude '' to the treaty of versailles of 1919 , which imposed huge reparations on germany and deprived her of her colonies and territory along her eastern border .
M	in an interlude , eugene entered the ring and shared his excitement about being at his first wrestlemania with the crowd in attendance .
M	he still conducts the simã n bolã var national youth orchestra
F	she won many folk song competitions , released two traditional folk albums on an indie label , and was approached by numerous record labels .
M	in 1982 , he started to work for the late prime minister , rafik hariri .
M	his name literally means peach tarå .
M	they did n't give any thought to the fact that once he 'd done that he might turn on his creators .
M	michaels caught up with him and hit austin with a cymbal from the bandstage , before irish whipping him into the dumpster .
M	he was born in jacksonville , north carolina .
M	eisenstein never saw any of the sinclair-lesser films , nor a later effort by his first biographer , marie seton , called time in the sun .
M	here , wordsworth also gives his famous definition of poetry as `` the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings from emotions recollected in tranquility . ''
F	she starred as alison on melrose place .
F	she was born october 31 , 1941 .
M	his average of 1.97 goals per game was the first time a goaltender had averaged fewer than two goals against per game .
F	the press tried to figure out who the anonymous model was and commented that she closely resembled monroe .
M	he was born in madrid ; his father served as a regimental doctor in the french army , and , as an afrancesado , was compelled to leave the peninsula with his family in 1812 .
F	they hid in the secret rooms of her father otto frank 's office building .
M	his father used to be chairman and ceo of commonwealth edison .
F	during the night the iole tells deianeira that she thought she saw someone outside her window , deianeria tells her no-one is there .
F	she was nine years old when she placed 5th in the 1969 u.s. open straight pool championship .
M	he moved up to formula series in 2001 .
M	he was born in 1892 .
M	he was born on september 17 , 1885 in sydney , nova scotia , canada .
F	she became snls first female head writer .
M	he became king on 14 december 2006 , and was officially crowned on 6 november 2008 .
M	tom grants his wish as he voted ian out from the game -lrb- since the challenge ended at late night and it was too late to have a tribal council , ian became the first person in survivor to be voted out outside tribal council -rrb- .
M	he won an academy award for `` best actor in a leading role '' .
M	on 13 january 2010 , a federal court gave him the power to carry out state affairs while president umaru yar ` adua was being taken care of in a hospital in saudi arabia .
M	he died in a tractor accident on his farm , leaving behind his wife laraine and three daughters .
M	cayley linked his results on trees with the contemporary studies of chemical composition .
M	wotan tells him the answer : it is the person who does not know fear .
F	she was the only female squash player to have done this until in 2007 .
M	he was named folk singer of the year at the bbc radio 2 folk awards in 2002 and again in 2005 .
M	his brother is james belushi , who is also an actor .
F	joanna noã `` lle levesque -lrb- born december 20 , 1990 -rrb- , known by her stage name jojo , is an american singer .
F	she was particularly known for singing the music of mozart , schubert , strauss , and wolf .
M	hutton later read an abstract of his concerning the system of the earth , its duration and stability on 4 july 1785 , which he had printed and circulated privately .
F	she is the only female performer to have received grammy nominations in the jazz , popular and classical music categories .
F	she won nine grand slam singles titles , winning eight of them while a citizen of yugoslavia and one while a citizen of the united states .
M	when michelangelo was only fourteen , his father persuaded ghirlandaio to pay his apprentice as an artist , which was highly unusual at the time .
F	the situation is explained to susanna , and she joins the celebration .
M	the police under his command found him forceful but gracious , intolerant of failings in himself as well as others .
F	she also voiced the character meng in the season one episode `` the fortuneteller '' .
M	some of the biblical writings of jesus ' ministry are : his baptism , miracles , preaching , teaching , and deeds .
F	she became violently anti-bonapartist , and is said to have thought about the assassination of napoleon iii .
F	she thought that it was but a statement on `` what we have done to christ ''
M	the melody shifts quite a lot ... liam has n't got that dynamism in his voice . ''
F	i hear the noise of battle , the thunder of her guns , i haste to thee my mother , a son among thy sons .
M	according to barry walters in his review of coldplay 's second album , a rush of blood to the head , for spin magazine , the band is still known in the united states for their `` surprise smash ` yellow ' '' .
F	`` she 's hearing voices '' was later re-recorded for the bloc party 's debut album silent alarm in 2005 , while `` the marshals are dead '' was re-recorded and released on the 7 '' and dvd single versions of `` so here we are '' .
M	robert kiprono cheruiyot broke robert kipkoech cheruiyot 's course record when he won the boston marathon in 2010 .
M	in his later years , hitler spoke of poetsch as a `` great man . ''
F	in 1979 she won a national writing contest and used the prize money to pay for her entry into the actors directory ` spotlight ' .
F	on 26 february 2007 , stefanie returned from cairo where she and her team were extorted by suspected local gangsters .
M	in 1973 , patrick white won the nobel prize in literature , the only australian to have achieved this ; he is seen as one of the great english-language writers of the twentieth century .
M	when hearst hired outcault away , pulitzer asked artist george luks to continue drawing the strip with his characters , giving the city two yellow kids .
F	she began her acting career very young , and appeared in films like david lean 's great expectations -lrb- 1946 -rrb- and laurence olivier 's hamlet -lrb- 1948 -rrb- while still a teenager .
M	worth , by now a junior partner in the firm , urged his partners to expand into dressmaking , but they hesitated .
F	wintour supports young fashion designers and is sometimes called `` nuclear wintour '' because of her demanding personality .
M	in 2003 , he conducted at the mariinsky theatre the first complete cycle of wagner 's the ring of the nibelung to be performed in russia for over 90 years .
F	between 1995 and 2000 she spent performing and studying chamber music at the marlboro music festival in vermont , and in 1996 she served as an artist and a member of the chamber music mentoring program of the chamber music society of lincoln center .
M	he is one of the founders of the cyberpunk literary movement .
M	he became a regular member of warszawskiego towarzystwa naukowego -lrb- warsaw association of sciences -rrb- , worked with publications such as the universal weekly , meander , creation , and renewed his activities as chairman of the polish pen club .
M	in 2010 , he joined the new lotus team .
M	he was appointed by hadrian as one of the four proconsuls to administer italia , then asia .
F	she debuted in 1997 in a video game voice fantasia and for several years had minor roles in various animations .
M	he was eventually deported from france for speaking against russia 's oppression of poland .
F	episode 11 : cindy won the reward challenge , and took rafe with her on a reward of a feast , waterfall pool and massage .
F	their eldest son , ranuccio was not yet old enough to rule the duchy alone so margherita acted as regent until her son was old enough to govern alone .
F	leizu shared what she found out with others and the knowledge became common .
F	her triumph was to be short lived .
F	stresemann conceived the idea that germany would guarantee her western borders and pledged never to invade belgium and france again , along with a guarantee from britain that they would come to germany 's aid if attacked by france .
M	he added a character like theophilus cibber , the son of colley .
M	he has served in the senate for 23 years and has also served as the lieutenant governor of massachusetts under michael dukakis .
F	vulcan 's contribution to the beautiful and foolish pandora was to mould her from clay and to give her form .
F	she set a new world record .
F	in 1841 , she married franã ois sabatie .
M	he is said to be the first person to use the expression `` rock and roll '' to describe rhythm and blues music .
F	for example , they wrongly understood her use of irony .
F	soon she moved to vienna and joined the ensemble of the vienna state opera house .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	at the university of western australia , he studied medicine and surgery .
M	his verses were translated to english .
F	once rudd was elected as leader , the incumbent deputy leader and kim beazley 's deputy , jenny macklin , chose not to contest the position and on 4 december 2006 she was elected unopposed .
M	he owns an orange haro to control gundam dynames when sniping and just like setsuna , he has a personal feud with ali al-saachez , who was directly involved in the terrorist bombing that caused the death of his family .
F	her place of birth is jacksonville , texas .
F	she was employed by arts vision until mid 2007 due to a scandal within the agency 's top management .
M	whether to honor a character or to mock him , these references were demeaning to the gods .
M	after a fierce battle , ozai slams aang into a rock inadvertently releasing his locked seventh chakra and enters the avatar state .
F	charlotte perrelli -lrb- born anna jenny charlotte nilsson on october 7 , 1974 in hovmantorp , kronobergs lã n -rrb- is a swedish singer , television host and actress , perhaps most famous for winning melodifestivalen 1999 and subsequently the eurovision song contest 1999 with her song take me to your heaven .
F	in this game , bowser has kidnapped princess toadstool after she , mario , and luigi had a vacation in dinosaur land .
F	once at a snowball fight , she rolled a rock into a snowball and threw it at her older sister , tatiana .
F	very often , a photograph was the basis of one of her short stories , including ` why i love at po ' , which was inspired by a woman she photographed ironing in the back of a small post office .
F	she also made guest appearances in touched by an angel , charmed , er , family law , and the practice .
F	weeks later , she became the first member of the gathering , a stable led by raven .
F	she is best known for playing carol seaver in the sitcom growing pains -lrb- 1985-1992 -rrb- .
F	siegmund continues to plead with brã 1\/4 nnhilde , and in the end she is so moved that she changes her mind .
M	he is probably best known for wrestling for the now defunct wcw where he was a one time wcw cruiserweight champion , one time wcw world tag team champion with disco inferno , and one time wcw world television champion .
F	she contends that van der sloot dumped holloway 's body , possibly alive , into the caribbean .
F	she sent a letter to capri in the care of her freedman pallas .
F	her theories were criticized by foreign authors for the misinterpretation of historical sources and revisionism .
F	the band 's debut album , released on 2003 , as maroon 5 , was titled songs about jane and released the hit singles `` harder to breathe '' , `` this love '' , and `` she will be loved '' .
M	since this prize was not in nobel 's will , and is not paid for by his money , it is not a nobel prize .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from november 26 , 1834 to march 4 , 1837 .
M	in 1915 , he moved to the guaranty trust company of new york where he remained until his return to ireland the following year .
F	in the end , ibrehem and stephenie changed their votes to angie and she was voted out .
M	he came out during the singing of `` best friends '' by the cast of foster 's home for imaginary friends and sang `` never gonna give you up '' .
M	he led the mustangs to the league championship series in 1942 â `` 43 against the calgary currie army team .
M	he plays for celta vigo .
F	she was accepted to the george washington university in washington , dc and suffolk university in boston , where her mother was professor of government and had been the dean of the campus in dakar , senegal .
F	she is most famous for her roles of gerti giggles in the spy kids trilogy , and lilly truscott in hannah montana .
M	he was also inducted into canada 's walk of fame in 1998 .
M	that day and the next , mccartney overdubbed his lead vocals and rhythm guitar , harrison added lead guitar , and all three sang the chorus .
F	she studied the oboe there , and the piano as a second instrument .
M	he was first elected in the 2001 general election .
M	during that conference , he made points including the following : there is no contradiction between what is revealed in the koran and natural selection and survival of the fittest .
F	in the last years of her life , she had gradually lost her earnings , and she died with $ 0.70 in the bank and $ 750 in cash .
F	she was named martha washington in honor of martha washington , the wife of the first president of the united states , george washington .
F	the more she shrieked and struggled the more firmly the mechanical throne gripped her ; the chair was a cleverly designed trap .
M	he made recordings of works by gyã rgy ligeti with the berlin philharmonic .
F	after false starts with pit vipers and squirrels , she completed a dissertation project on the embryonic development of the pronephros in fish .
F	before that , she was assistant to the president and director of the white house office of public liaison .
F	after watching herself , she decided to diet .
F	for her 13th birthday on 12 june 1942 , anne frank got a book she had shown her father a few days ago .
F	she became hadley 's friend .
M	already a skilled horseman , outdoorsman , land rover mechanic , archaeologist and expedition leader , he learned to identify bones , skills which all pointed to a path he did not yet wish to take , simply because his father was on it .
M	his work on the upward movement of tree sap proved that the process was physical and not physiological .
M	his recommendations have been circulated by chicago 's urban community activist chrisdian wittenburg including instructions on building a makeshift stove and a plethora of collaborative cultural projects .
F	her name -lrb- `` primordial -lrb- ye -rrb- wisdom -lrb- shes -rrb- queen -lrb- rgyal mo -rrb- of the lake -lrb- tso -rrb- '' -rrb- derives from her birth causing a nearby lake to double in size .
F	some say she stayed briefly at seagate castle .
M	he was again re-elected to another four-year term in 2007 .
F	thus without political influence , marguerite louise sorted the education of her eldest son , grand prince ferdinando .
M	upon his election , kã hler said that `` patriotism and being cosmopolitan are not opposites '' .
F	she drowned in the seine at villequier .
M	lully started to put them in his operas , often in pairs : minuet i , minuet ii , then minuet i repeated .
M	for two years shane was a comedy reporter and humorist for eye weekly in toronto , then in 2000 moved to new york city where he worked as a writer for various mtv shows .
F	hurt is a song sung by christina aguilera , from her 2006 album back to basics .
M	he also saw that the chinese sage kings were not only concerned with morality , but also with government itself .
F	the duke of chartres ' father , louis d'orl ã ans , duke of orlã ans , known as the pious , accepted her as she had had a religious upbringing however after a passionate beginning , louise henriette 's scandalous behavior caused the couple to break up .
F	this was not her first olympiad : she has a total of ten olympiad medals -lrb- five gold , four silver , and one bronze -rrb- .
F	her dress suddenly caught fire , though it is unclear exactly how ; it may have been burning wax or a lighted candle which fell on her dress .
M	in 1482 , he made a silver lyre -lrb- a musical instrument -rrb- in the shape of a horse 's head .
F	her mother was related to charles reade , a 19th century novelist .
M	he was survived by four sons -lrb- saeed rafi , khalid rafi , hamid rafi , shahid rafi -rrb- , three daughters -lrb- parveen , nasreen , yasmin -rrb- and 18 grandchildren .
M	dennis wrote in his autograph book , `` phone me in nine years , we 'll sort something out then . ''
F	in 1773 , at the age of 18 , she married william siddons , an actor .
F	vanilla 's mother is the queen of their world , and she is a very nice person who helps vanilla and chocolat from time to time .
M	they also reveal that kevin 's father left once he heard his son had a birth defect .
M	telramund and four of his friends rush into the room to attack the knight , but telramund is killed instead .
F	after a lot of controversy -lrb- discussed below -rrb- , she competed only on the men 's side .
F	she founded the curie institutes in paris and warsaw .
M	he was in office from 1961 until he was assassinated -lrb- shot dead -rrb- in 1963 .
F	she has played extensively in men 's tournaments around the world and her best form was seen in the 1980s and early 1990s .
M	the william m. jennings trophy was named in his honor .
M	tosh 's first big career break came in 2001 with his performance on the late show with david letterman .
M	openly gay , versace and his partner antonio d'amico were regulars on the international party scene .
M	all of chandler 's appeals since his 1994 conviction have been denied , the latest one in may 2007 .
F	she was also the first african-american woman to be honored by being made a member of the `` phi beta kappa '' society which encourages talented undergraduate students .
F	she will be released with current remissions on 12 april 2024 .
M	he was added to the hockey hall of fame in 1959 .
M	he gave 999 performances with the cso .
M	he returned to france in 1860 for a short time , where he arranged balls for the court of napoleon iii at the tuileries palace , but then came back to new york to work at what was then a fashionable location , maison dorã e. in 1862 , lorenzo delmonico hired him for delmonico 's restaurant , and it was there that ranhofer made his real fame , though others say that he made the fame of the restaurant as well .
M	he starred as fyodor dostoyevsky in the hungarian director kã roly makk 's movie the gambler -lrb- 1997 -rrb- about the writing of dostoyevsky 's novella the gambler .
M	he was nominated for nine academy awards for best actor , and won it two times , in 1937 and 1938 .
M	prior to the 2007 general election , kevin rudd , said that he and he alone would choose the ministry if he become prime minister .
F	athena however had pity with arachne , so before arachne had died , she changed the rope into a cobweb , and arachne into a spider .
M	his decision was influenced by a letter , written in the year 1805 , by lord liverpool that extolled the virtues of mono-metallism .
F	orkney and shetland were given to scotland as a deposit on the dowry of margaret of denmark when she married james iii of scotland in 1469 .
F	on june 29 , 1956 , monroe married playwright arthur miller , whom she first met in 1950 , in a civil ceremony in white plains , new york .
M	in 1922 mandelstam arrived in moscow with his newlywed wife nadezhda .
M	he then went on tour with the fletcher henderson orchestra .
M	he is perhaps best known internationally for his current role as the frontman and songwriter of gorillaz , whose first two studio albums had sold more than 20 million copies together by 2007 .
M	botvinnik changed his style in the rematch , avoiding the tactical complications in which tal excelled and aiming for closed positions and endgames , where tal 's technique was not outstanding .
F	partly from fear of losing her passport if she came back to the usa , she moved to china until her death in 1970 , publishing a `` letter from china . ''
M	he was born on 25 may 1979 in frimley , surrey .
F	serket did not have any temples , but she had many priests .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	at the end , voldemort comes , but dumbledore saves harry from him , and all the other wizards see voldemort and know harry is telling the truth .
M	he plays for ehime .
M	before he joined the nhl , demitra played in slovakia , as well as the american hockey league -lrb- ahl -rrb- and international hockey league -lrb- ihl -rrb- , minor professional leagues in north america .
F	she played the role of wendla in steven sater and duncan sheik 's musical version of spring awakening , starring in early workshops to off-broadway and finally playing the role in the broadway production at the age of 20 .
F	she began voicing mai in avatar : the last airbender in seasons 2 and 3 .
M	persian historian rashid-al-din recorded in his `` chronicles '' that the legendary `` glittering '' ancestor of genghis was tall , long-bearded , red-haired , and green-eyed .
M	after a strong final year of junior , he was signed as a free agent by the calgary flames in 1985 .
M	he also starred in the cult hit the lords of flatbush -lrb- 1974 -rrb- .
M	before the great deku tree dies , he gives link the kokiri emerald , a magic stone , and tells him that it was a man in black armor who put the curse on him .
M	when gates leaves , `` i 'm not going to need him for anything .
F	two years later , her title defense against xie jun of china was scheduled to take place in november , 1998 .
M	he finished his term as president on june 10 , 1967 .
F	svanberg , who played violin in the royal chapel , and in 1826 she married k.f.
M	charlotte brontã `` was the third child of patrick brontã `` -lrb- formerly `` patrick brunty '' -rrb- , an irish anglican clergyman , and his wife , maria nã e branwell .
F	she was the wife of the conductor sir john barbirolli .
F	they talk about a prince who is in love with lulu and who wants to marry her .
F	patricia seaton lawford , the fourth wife of actor peter lawford , also deals with the monroe â '' kennedy matters in her 1988 biography of peter lawford , entitled the peter lawford story .
F	she became friends with soong ching-ling and zhou enlai .
F	she filed for divorce because of mental cruelty 274 days after the wedding .
M	he said that mubarak agreed to leave office .
M	he is most famous for appearing the dead end kids series .
F	the queen wrote : `` she is -lrb- and who would some years ago have thought it ?
F	when the silk ran out , she saw a small cocoon , and realized that this cocoon was the source of the silk .
M	ted and his younger brother aljuan won thus earning ted immunity .
F	while a student at hiram , she was made the librarian of the olive branch society , and did such an excellent job that she was asked to organized the libraries of the other societies .
F	however , she felt very bad because she had not been faithful to her husband , and she killed herself in 1906 .
F	she left for england in november 1791 and reached plymouth on april 21 1792 .
M	he focuses primarily on what he calls the `` new prince '' , under the assumption that a hereditary prince has an easier task since the people are accustomed to him .
F	two men disguised as government officials followed her and the crew and asked for money and even showing a handgun .
M	the very earliest reports are in these texts : early christian creeds and hymns and reports about the passion , the empty tomb , and appearances of jesus after his resurrection .
F	she won the 2006 trophã e eric bompard with a score of 184.54 points , 10.10 ahead of miki ando , the skater who got the silver medal .
F	when strong ran for the seattle school board in 1916 , she won easily because she was helped by women 's groups and organized labor and because she was known as an expert on child welfare .
M	his first professional team was the second squad of sk austria kã rnten .
M	he has played for denmark national team .
M	he joined in the united states marine corps in 1963 , and served as a marine in the vietnam war , where he was seriously injured in 1965 near da nang -- his right arm shattered and partially paralyzed .
M	he then studied classical piano , music theory and counterpoint at the vantaa music institute .
F	she is from amami å shima and sings in a style particular to that region , with distinctive falsetto effects .
M	he was born on may 27 1970 in salisbury , wiltshire , england .
F	five of them are from her first album christina aguilera but in spanish .
M	johannes gutenberg carved a textualis typeface â `` including a large number of ligatures and common abbreviations â `` when he printed his 42-line bible .
M	he also startedand initiated germany 's first distance learning university at hagen -lrb- modelled on the open university in britain -rrb- .
M	georges vã zina , the youngest of eight children , was born on january 21 , 1887 in chicoutimi , quebec , to jacques vã zina , a local baker and an immigrant from st. nicolas de la rochelle in france , and his wife clara .
F	they had also tried to make her drown herself .
M	at 1979 he retired and volunteered as general manager of maccabi haifa .
F	she emigrated to the u.s. and ended up having her own network television series , the tracey ullman show , from which the simpsons was spun off in 1989 .
F	astrid uses this new power to force ingrid to tell her about her father .
F	she was hired as a writer for snl following a meeting with snl creator lorne michaels .
M	a point guard should maintain his team 's offense by controlling the ball safely and pass the ball to the right teammate at the right time .
M	he and his team discovered acquired immunological tolerance .
F	xenia 's younger sister , olga , wrote about the joy of her the wedding , `` the emperor was so happy .
F	she performed it live on her 1970 album black gold .
M	his work includes the neverending story , enemy mine , outbreak , in the line of fire , air force one , the perfect storm , troy , and poseidon .
M	he describes alyosha as using forgiveness , kindness and natural justice , rather than trying to change people .
F	her father was the rev.
F	candice michelle used her rematch clause for the wwe women 's championship on the october 22 version of raw in a two out of three falls match .
M	the soviet union refused to acknowledge him as secretary general in his second term , and after having been accused by joseph mccarthy of hiring `` disloyal '' americans -lrb- an allegation which he attributed to the rapid hiring of civil servants necessary after the creation of the organization -rrb- , lie resigned on november 10 , 1952 .
M	he died in 1497 or 1498 .
M	he has played for united states national team .
M	after eliza 's death in 1900 , he moved to kirk ireton and later married fellow artist kate stevens smith -lrb- 1871-1964 -rrb- - they set up home in idridgehay , and he died there in 1910 .
F	she sang a version billie holiday 's song `` strange fruit '' -lrb- on pastel blues -rrb- , a song about the lynching of black men in the south .
F	cirie then worried about what effect her decisions might have with the other players .
M	he later worked at the u.s. department of agriculture and the census department .
F	in 1978 cti records owner creed taylor persuaded her to record another album , baltimore .
F	she quickly became one of hollywood 's most recognized child actresses going on to establish herself in mainly comic roles .
F	when she died , henry purcell was called to write her funeral music , titled music for the funeral of queen mary .
F	in a statement released on knowles official website , she wrote : i am in a different place right now and i wanted people to see the many sides of me .
M	wainwright made his first album in 1998 .
M	he was especially famous for his free-kick goals and his entertaining celebrations after these goals .
F	she was the dominant player in the women 's game during 1991 and 1992 , but in 1993 , she was forced out of the sport for two years following an on-court attack in which a spectator stabbed her in the back with a knife .
F	soon she was having piano lessons with famous teachers such as ignaz moscheles and johann nepomuk hummel .
M	he sailed into the st. lawrence river in 1534 and established a colony near present-day quebec city .
F	the first , muteva musomba , had kept her children 's ponies .
M	radiohead 's lead singer , thom yorke , was also nominated for the 2007 award for his solo album .
F	since 2005 she writes critical reviews , essays and portraits of artists .
F	many existing statues alternatively show her in typically feminine attire as well as those that depict her in the royal ceremonial attire .
M	nevertheless , he did not enjoy his time at bowdoin , especially correcting exams and papers .
M	his faã ades of santa susanna , st. peter 's basilica and sant ` andrea della valle were of key importance in the evolution of the italian baroque .
M	his work in europe and the united states was highly influential .
M	when he was a boy , fraser he was at the well known canadian school for boys , called upper canada college , in toronto .
F	she was one of the leading writers of the victorian era .
M	he is the current dtm champion .
F	her sister anastasia was famous for stories about her escape from the murder of the royal family for almost 90 years .
M	his first printed composition , twelve sonatas , was published in 1683 .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from 1901 to 1909 .
F	her musical career started in the 1980s group sound of music .
F	she took night classes at second city .
M	he used money he had made from ransoms after the battle of agincourt .
F	in addition to her adult literary novels , shirley also wrote a children 's novel , nine magic wishes as well as a children 's play based on hansel and gretel and entitled the bad children .
F	her parents wondered why she had left ... `` she has everything here . ''
F	in 1998 , she did back-up vocals for the refugee camp 's `` it 's too late '' , a carroll king cover .
M	he plays for red bull salzburg in the austrian bundesliga as defender .
M	he brought jesus back inside the palace and demanded to know from where he came .
F	as of 2007 , she recently provided the voice of basil in capcom 's 3rd-person action game lost planet : extreme condition .
M	he is also a shared owner of the nascar nextel cup racing team , hall of fame racing , along with fellow former cowboys quarterback , roger staubach .
F	the third round saw kutznetsova defeat henin , in what turned out to be the belgium 's last ever match as she announced her retirement in the second week of the tournament .
M	he was sentenced to 22 years in prison .
F	while being a french citizen , she never lost her polish identity .
F	the two stars became friends , with russell describing monroe as `` very shy and very sweet and far more intelligent than people gave her credit for . ''
M	he and several other characters -lrb- pakku , jeong jeong , king bumi and piandao -rrb- are part of an otherwise non-aligned group known as the `` order of the white lotus '' , which plans to liberate the earth kingdom capital , ba sing se , from fire nation rule .
F	her role was as an aspiring actress , described by another character as a student of `` the copacabana school of dramatic art '' .
F	she is the younger sister of pop singer britney spears .
M	he plays for manchester city .
F	she then moved to chicago to take classes at the improvisational comedy group the second city .
F	it was the peresson cello that du prã played for the rest of her career until 1973 , including a second , live recording of the elgar concerto , and her last studio recording in 1971 of the sonatas by frederic chopin and cã sar franck .
F	she won seventh in the short program with 60.30 points .
F	back at camp , ian talked to katie about blindsiding gregg so there would n't be a tie , which shocked her .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	the song was on her 1994 cd against the streams .
M	he was crowned at scone in november 1331 .
F	she shared the nobel prize with stanley cohen with whom she made the discovery .
F	her parents were william and joan waste .
M	on 30 december 2006 he married french journalist marie-laure germon .
F	st. clare buys topsy , a black child , and challenges miss ophelia to educate her .
F	in march , she wrestled in her first match .
F	during the american revolution , anna 's father dressed like a british soldier and carried her on horseback passing through the british lines to her grandparents on long island .
F	jpg thumb -lrb- 489x599 -rrb- px right valerie plame -rrb- -rrb- valerie elise plame wilson , known simply as valerie plame , is a former officer of the central intelligence agency and the author of two books related to her career .
M	while playing football at pjc , robinson fractured his ankle .
M	he later wakes up in the land of the dead , mictlan , where the aztec gods mictlantecuhtli and tezcatlipoca sacrifice him .
F	she is six years old ; lives with her older brother jeremy `` jem '' ; her father atticus , a lawyer ; her mother died when she was young .
F	it 's not long before the player realizes that a toy found buried in a park was made at one of cruella de vil 's toy factories ; the fact that her toys are being buried rather than being played with is making mean cruella very upset .
F	she is best known for her role as ex-demon anya on the television series buffy the vampire slayer .
M	he grew up in the sylmar area of the san fernando valley .
F	she had a day job working at the front desk of a ymca in evanston to pay for her classes .
M	he was , according to josephus , known in his time as `` agrippa the great '' .
M	he was the eighth shogun of the tokugawa shogunate .
M	after graduating in 1960 , he started directing short films and commercials before moving onto horror films .
F	hatshepsut had been well trained in her duties as the daughter of the pharaoh .
F	she had appeared in disney channel 's express yourself segments with other disney channel stars .
M	monroe was replaced by lee remick , and when dean martin refused to work with any other actress , he was also threatened with a lawsuit .
M	while anxiously waiting , homer begins to tell bart , lisa , and maggie the story of how he and marge got married and how bart was born .
M	he was created by walt disney .
M	when idomeneo finally realizes it is his own son he must kill , he tells idamante to go away and never see him again .
F	it was the lead single from her third album , the best damn thing -lrb- 2007 -rrb- .
F	travilla dressed monroe in eight of her films including bus stop , do n't bother to knock , how to marry a millionaire , river of no return , thereâ s no business like show business , monkey business , and the seven year itch .
M	he obtained his deacon 's orders in 1746 , being fully ordained in 1749 .
F	her grandfather by her mother 's side was edward hyde , 1st earl of clarendon .
M	he modelled the human body with realism , with individual character and physicality .
M	he is one of three blind officers who currently serve in the u.s. army and the only blind officer in the united states army special forces .
M	he recalled his attempts at explaining a scene to monroe , only to hear strasberg say , `` honey â '' just think of coca-cola and frank sinatra . ''
F	james started her training at a professional wrestling school in the washington , d.c. area .
M	he was able to make players such as mark bruener and jay riemersma , both considered no longer at their best , into great blocking backs .
M	although he often faced hatred while on road trips -lrb- the royals were forced to cancel a southern tour , for example -rrb- , the montreal fans supported robinson .
F	after the results were announced , clarkson performed the song `` a moment like this '' , which was written for the winner of american idol and would be released on her first cd thankful .
M	the next year , he passed his doctorate in madrid , where he started to become known as a caricaturist , and settled down in rianxo , joining the political movement action galicia -lrb- acciã n gallega in spanish -rrb- .
M	he was an outfielder in baseball 's national league during the 1880s .
M	chairman of aib at the time , peter sutherland , was also a former director of gpa and had served as attorney general under fitzgerald , prior to fitzgerald appointing him as ireland 's member of the european commission .
F	she acts by passion .
M	his work was very important for the patriots and national activists , who lived at the same time as kollã r. people translated the book into many slavic and non-slavic languages .
M	he is most famous as a member of the beatles .
F	but aphrodite had her son , eros , shoot helen with a golden arrow and fall in love with paris .
F	dorothea mackellar wrote her famous poem my country -lrb- popularly known as i love a sunburnt country -rrb- about her family 's farm near gunnedah .
M	`` i do n't want to be '' is the debut single by gavin degraw on his first album chariot .
M	he became a member of the rock band `` mefisto '' in the 1950s .
F	her mother , catherine estelle hayes , was an actress .
M	he can shoot humans , use the jet pack , and use psychokinesis at the same time .
M	he reigned from 1520 to 1566 .
M	he has played for fujitsu .
M	there were so many resemblances with the valencian pilota sport that , in the 16th century joan lluã s vives compared both games in his dialogues and claimed them to be exactly the same despite some minor differences .
F	from june 1917 until her death , she was styled her royal highness princess alice , countess of athlone .
F	she was nominated three times for best supporting actress .
F	her first daytime role was that of `` natalie bannon hughes '' on as the world turns from 1975 to 1978 .
M	his view is that people living in hot countries are `` too hot-tempered '' , while those in northern countries are `` icy '' or `` stiff . ''
F	in 2007 she appeared as the main character , fanny price , in an adaptation of jane austen 's novel mansfield park , screened on itv1 .
M	according to tradition , he usually met the coach that delivered the news in the main street of lawrence to pick up his paper .
M	he also finished tied for first with vladimir kramnik at dortmund 2006 .
F	now demetrius and lysander both love helena , who thinks they are playing a mean trick on her .
F	now nicole richie , she has recently appeared on fox 's the simple life along with paris hilton .
M	-lrb- esau called the dish , `` that red , red stuff '' , which is why he is called edom , -lrb- ` edom , meaning `` red '' -rrb- .
F	she attended taroona high school and then continued her education at hobart matriculation college .
F	therefore her descendants are members of the ducal family of saxe-coburg and gotha with the house name of wettin .
F	she landed her first triple axel in competition while still at the junior level .
M	his first show business job was with the tintookies , the australian traveling puppet show .
M	he is married to patricia , and they have three children : kate , ann and michael , jr. .
M	he also began writing a group of novels -lrb- stories -rrb- called les chemins de la libertã -lrb- the roads to freedom -rrb- .
F	on august 22 , she faced the second place finisher , oklahoma city mayor mick cornett in the gop candidate runoff election .
F	in february , she hosted an academy of motion picture arts and sciences 's ceremony .
F	in february 1961 she had a miscarriage .
M	there 's also an audio book called hau da ene ondasun guzia of sarrionandia reading his own poems as well as many songs performed by different singers .
F	she joined the then national bureau of standards -lrb- nbs -rrb- in 1945 .
F	, and that the role she eventually received , donna , was not meant to be a recurring character .
F	she has openly stated , `` i am a christian .
M	he formed such groups as the early music consort of london .
M	however , he lost his role as head of the judiciary and as head of government in 1961 , as president of legislative council in 1980 and finally as president of tynwald in 1990 .
F	a popular greek legend turns alexander the great 's sister into a mermaid after she died .
F	seles played her last professional match at the 2003 french open , but her official retirement announcement was not issued until february 2008 .
F	pooh admits that this may happen , but asks her to think about what will happen to michael if she does not tell .
F	however , she arrived late on set for filming every day .
M	other pieces he was famous for were scriabin 's ã tude in d-sharp minor , chopin 's ballade no.
F	launched in 1764 as a coal carrying ship earl of pembroke , she was bought by the navy in 1768 for a scientific mission to the pacific ocean .
M	he later changed the name `` maharishi '' to `` sexy sadie '' , to keep the maharishi from seeking revenge of some kind , or a lawsuit , against him .
F	the venetian diarist marino sanuto described anne as `` not one of the handsomest women in the world ; she is of middling stature , swarthiness complexion , long neck , wide mouth , bosom not much raised ... eyes , which are black and beautiful '' .
M	on may 25 , 2006 , he was found guilty on all six counts of conspiracy and fraud by a jury of eight women and four men and in a separate bench trial , the judge ruled that he was guilty of four counts of fraud and false statements .
M	he is also a film producer and script writer , a star of london 's west end musical theater , an award-winning writer and a landscape painter .
F	she joined the new national organization for women , but left in february 1970 when betty friedan said anti-gay things and the organization tried to distance itself from lesbian organizations .
M	however , the 40-foot telescope was awkward to use , and most of his observations were done with a smaller 18.5 i 20 f reflector .
F	the queen 's subjects attributed the french occupation as the cause of her early death .
F	jade goody -lrb- 5 june 1981 â `` 22 march 2009 -rrb- became famous when she was in the reality television show big brother in 2002 .
F	then , when she was five , she went to the london violoncello school .
F	in 1826 , at the age of 27 , she managed to save enough money to buy a home with a glass store front window for her shop , called anning 's fossil depot .
F	kaede finds out that kagome is the reincarnation of her own sister , and helps her keep the real shikon no tama that kagome suddenly found in her body .
F	under the national defense act , `` the canadian forces are the armed forces of her majesty raised by canada and consist of one service called the canadian armed forces . ''
F	she gave her husband four children , two of which would survive infancy the future cosimo iii and francesco maria de ' medici , duke of rovere and montefeltro .
F	she placed fourth in the long program scoring 114.19 points , and finished the third one with 186.14 points behind miki ando and mao asada of japan .
M	instead he classified plants by observation according to similarities and differences .
M	in 2010 , he was also named time 's person of the year .
F	aguilera had more control over her second album stripped , sent to stores in 2002 .
F	wollstonecraft wrote it when she was a governess in ireland .
M	he lived most of his life in nuremberg , bavaria , and later in munich .
M	ertl and his wife barbara have two children and several grandchildren .
F	she stayed in barbados for quite some time , and had a long affair with the prime minister , errol barrow .
M	his daughter was in vienna .
M	the second bout was a light heavyweight championship match , with taka michinoku defending his title against ã guila ; this would be the first and only time the championship was defended at wrestlemania , though the title that came after it , the wwe cruiserweight championship would be .
M	in the following years , he and john t. robinson made a series of spectacular finds , including fragments from six hominids in sterkfontein , which they named plesianthropus transvaalensis , but which was later classified as an adult australopithecus africanus , as well as more discoveries at sites in kromdraai and swartkrans .
M	raymond arthur dart -lrb- 4 february 1893 -- 22 november 1988 -rrb- was an australian anatomist and anthropologist , who worked for much of his life in south africa .
M	william iv -lrb- william henry ; 21 august 1765 â `` 20 june 1837 -rrb- was king of the united kingdom of great britain and ireland and of hanover from 26 june 1830 until his death .
F	at that time she was a girl of 17 years , and bush was a student at phillips academy in andover , massachusetts .
M	he has since worked as a musician , bestselling author , producer , director , and celebrity pitchman , most notably for priceline.com .
F	on 15 june 2006 , the bbc announced that she was to depart in the final episode of the second series , `` doomsday '' .
F	in this episode , marge 's sister `` selma '' is looking for a husband , so marge tells homer to help her find one .
F	green was born in london and moved to king 's lynn in 1920 after her marriage to walter , a railway worker who died in 1970 .
F	bill clinton testified on her side .
F	she won the screen actors guild award for best lead actress .
M	in the same year he finished second in the very strong linares tournament , behind garry kasparov .
M	heron , in a comic twist , went into new york unaware of the significance of the letter , and offered his own services to the british as a spy .
F	kirsten caroline dunst -lrb- born april 30 , 1982 -rrb- is an american actress , famous for her roles in interview with the vampire , the virgin suicides , marie antoinette , and bring it on , as well as mary jane watson in the spider-man film series .
M	during his nearly 30 years service with the nzhrm , dorus saved hundreds of people from drowning at sea , becoming legendary long before his retirement .
M	he is well-known for his book , manga kenkanryu , manga kenchogokuryu .
M	since june 2001 he has served as governing mayor , regierender bã 1\/4 rgermeister , of berlin .
M	zeus appears and tells hercules what the monster is and why he wants hercules .
M	he was the leader of the conservative party from september 2001 to november 2003 and is the member of parliament -lrb- mp -rrb- for the constituency of chingford and woodford green .
M	he became well known after his first album endtroducing ... , which was made entirely from samples .
M	he plays for internazionale milano .
M	on a previous occasion , borat responded to such official complaints by issuing his own `` press release '' , a bunch of random cyrillic characters .
F	instead of numbering the chimpanzees she observed , she gave them names such as fifi and david greybeard , and observed them to have unique and individual personalities , an unconventional idea at the time .
M	chauvin received his degree from the lyon 's school of chemistry , physics and electronics in 1954 .
M	his father , edward gambon , was an engineer and his mother , mary -lrb- nã e hoare -rrb- , was a seamstress .
M	in 2006 he played a recurring role on the final season of the o.c and guest-starred in the sitcom two and a half men .
F	she was also a member of the national honor society , her school dance squad , and was a participant in other extracurricular activities .
M	frederick was a great-grandson of duke george ii augustus from both sides through his mother caroline and his father .
M	many , most notably aristotle , regard him as the first philosopher in the greek tradition .
M	or my mom will shoot -lrb- 1992 -rrb- during the early 90s , he made a big comeback in 1993 with the movie cliffhanger which became an really successful film making over us$ 255 million worldwide .
F	she was also an online shopping mall model , having been scouted after her photos were uploaded onto dsp 's homepage .
F	according to van der sloot , holloway fell down as she exited the car but refused van der sloot 's help .
F	levine said `` it was just so clear in talking to her about all this fantasy that i was basically talking to leslie , that she had that same kind of spark and magical presence .
F	in addition to her many daytime television roles , chapman has had a long career in both stage and film .
F	in 1999 , she released `` demir leblebi '' , which caused controversy because of the lyrics of the songs `` demir leblebi '' -lrb- about her memories of child molestation by her stepfather -rrb- and `` sokarä m politikana '' -lrb- translation : i f \*\* k your politics -rrb- .
F	`` she was a thinking bosom and one who overpowered her young lovers , all sybil â '' a romantic . ''
M	his sonnets were admired and imitated throughout europe during the renaissance and became a model for lyrical poetry .
M	yuri was the third of four children , and his elder sister helped raise him while his parents worked .
F	when they are at home , sarah jane warns maria not to keep following her because her life is too dangerous .
F	at tobolsk , she and her sisters sewed jewels into their clothes .
M	he plays for bursaspor and scotland national team .
M	he was a triple-a level baseball player in the minor leagues .
M	he called malignant tumors carcinos .
M	at the ripe age of 57 fontane finally took to what he would be remembered for , the novel .
F	she was the middle child , with an older sister named mary maude and younger sister named florence fitch .
M	on 21 july , 2003 he was released on licence , after serving half of his sentence , from hmp hollesley bay , suffolk .
M	he moved to burbank , california in the 1940s and worked as a musician in alhambra , california at dick white 's rickey 's lounge , starting in 1957 with paul peters and stan seltzer .
M	in 2006 he played for the polish team at the chess olympiad played in turin scoring 9 points out of 11 games .
M	at koror , tom told ian that he has a secret alliance with stephenie way before the tribes were created .
F	under questioning grace readily admitted that her story was untrue , and said she had been told what to say by jane southworth 's uncle , christopher southworth aka thompson , a jesuit priest who was in hiding in the samlesbury area ; southworth was the chaplain at samlesbury hall , and jane southworth 's uncle by marriage .
F	she went on to work with directors such as luchino visconti in boccacio -lrb- 1961 -rrb- , orson welles in the trial -lrb- 1962 -rrb- , and otto preminger in the cardinal -lrb- 1963 -rrb- .
M	he met the danish composers j. p. e. hartman , and niels gade .
M	linus torvalds , author of the linux kernel , says he uses fedora because it had fairly good support for powerpc when he used that processor architecture .
M	in order to get to see the queen , hercules sells himself as a slave , and the queen buys him .
M	then , he would go to athens on foot .
F	the london underground had an electric locomotive built by vickers named after her .
F	she is most well known for her `` the cat who ... '' series of mystery books .
F	when miley arrives at seaview middle school , she meets her best friends , lilly truscott and oliver oken .
M	when he was wrestling for ecw he was nicknamed a `` hardcore icon '' .
F	smith went back to philadelphia , where she now lived .
M	his odd last will and testament on the hotel stationary was entered as evidence in support of his mistress and the case was well-publicized .
F	leto had to find a place where she could give birth to the two .
M	he learned about lã opoldine 's death from a newspaper when he was sitting in a cafe .
F	her family was in the lower part of the english gentry .
F	during this visit liadan discovers that her sisters husband has been beating her .
F	she was one of the members of the famous group les six .
F	she is one of the most successful female turkish pop singers in turkey .
M	in march 1882 he returned to italy , expressing the will to take part in the imminent electoral campaign .
F	she has also done voice work , including roles in hamtaro , trollz , my little pony , polly pockets , barbie fairytopia , x-men evolution , sabrina , bionicle , inuyasha , and storm hawks .
F	her manager ed fishman thought of the idea to have a comeback concert at carnegie hall .
F	for example , in euripides ' play alcestis , the heroine agrees to give up her own life in order to spare the life of her husband , admetus .
F	she gave an interview in which she discussed the reasons that led to her posing for the photographs .
F	sorcha stays with red as she works on the shirts .
F	her two most famous books were a vindication of the rights of man -lrb- 1790 -rrb- , a response to the french revolution , and a vindication of the rights of woman -lrb- 1792 -rrb- which argued that women should have the same rights as men did .
M	he later constructed the ross casino and the ross park .
M	in 1967 , he was the most successful actor at the box office , with three successful films , guess who 's coming to dinner ; to sir , with love and in the heat of the night .
M	during and after the american revolution , he was a minister -lrb- ambassador -rrb- to spain and france , helping to fashion american foreign policy and to secure favorable peace terms from the british and french .
M	thus he advanced scientific empiricism against the deductive rationalism of the scholastics .
F	she is also a stage actress .
M	the king of the land , creon , has forbidden the burial of polyneices for he was a traitor to the city .
F	bonham carter says she named her daughter nell after all the `` helens '' in her family 's past .
M	in all his forces , he was popular with all ranks under his command .
F	she was convicted and sentenced in bali on 27 may 2005 by the denpasar -lrb- indonesia -rrb- district court and is currently serving her sentence in kerobokan prison , bali .
F	she would sting `` bad '' people , but she could also cure scorpion stings and other poisons , such as snake bites .
F	the following year she won her breakthrough role in the lukas moodysson film fucking ã
F	the natural world , particularly the ocean , was the common thread of her favorite literature .
F	her final rank in the tournament was 22nd .
F	while she was alone , janu became happy as she was away from the others since she did not fit in with them .
M	here it was agreed that galeriusâ long-time friend and military companion licinius , who had been entrusted by galerius with the defense of the danube while galerius was in italy , would become augustus in the west , with constantine as his caesar .
F	elle mcfeast is not her real name .
M	in 1998 , he won five races to become rookie of the year -lrb- 6th overall -rrb- in french f3 .
F	sarah sutton -lrb- born 12 december 1961 in basingstoke , hampshire , england -rrb- is a british actress who is well known for her role as nyssa in the bbc television series doctor who .
F	she is best known for playing ashley banks in the fresh prince of bel air .
M	he plays for real zaragoza .
M	he held this position from 1981 to 1987 .
F	her premature death was a consequence , it was said , of her debaucheries .
F	she graduated as a special scholarship student from hongik university and got master 's degree from graduate school of media of university of utah .
F	she also played in live theater and acted in television comedies .
F	she helped many jews escape the nazis during world war ii .
M	in 1925 , when he first proposed an agreement with france , he made it clear that in doing so he intended to `` gain a free hand to secure a peaceful change of the borders in the east and -lrb- ... -rrb- concentrate on a later incorporation of german territories in the east '' .
M	logan is seen quoting bishop 's teachings at the last level , implying his respect towards bishop .
F	she is famous for her roles in a series of late 1990s and early 2000s thriller movies , including kiss the girls , double jeopardy and high crimes .
M	he is the middle child of loki and the giantess angrboã a.
F	once anna is born , her umbilical chord blood was used in treatments for kate to save her life .
M	the high point of his career was one game played in the national hockey league for the toronto maple leafs .
F	she was the original host for the nbc reality show the biggest loser until alison sweeney took her place .
M	reviews point out that `` as the avatar , aang seems unstoppable , but as aang , he is just another like an airbender '' .
M	his opposition to the vuk 's work he ` supported ' by utter denial of the serbs as the nation , their language , their culture and history .
F	her first sketch to air starred chris farley in a sally jessy raphael satire .
M	since august 2009 , he led in opinion polls , competing with eduardo frei ruiz-tagle , marco enrã quez-ominami and jorge arrate ; all of whom are left-of-center candidates .
F	her niece , sonia baig mirza , studies there .
M	he plays for udinese and italy national team .
F	the samandruby organization is named after a friend of moss 's samantha archer fayet and her 6 month old daughter ruby rose who were killed by the tsunami while visiting thailand .
M	poitier was born in miami , florida , usa and grew up with his family on remote cat island , in the bahamas .
M	after the super bowl controversy , timberlake put his recording career on hold to act in several films , having starred in a few feature films earlier in his music career .
M	he plays for shonan bellmare .
M	his mendelism -lrb- 1905 -rrb- is sometimes said to have been the first textbook on genetics ; it was probably the first popular science book to introduce genetics to the public .
F	she had made it reluctantly , on the assurance that she would be given the starring role in the film adaptation of the broadway hit the seven year itch .
F	international recognition came in 1969 , when she portrayed anne boleyn in charles jarrott 's film anne of the thousand days , opposite richard burton 's henry viii .
F	she has appeared on backing vocals on various albums such as crowded house and alex lloyd 's watching angels mend she also features prominently on the second 7 worlds collide project , co-writing -lrb- and sharing lead vocal -rrb- the track ` little by little ' with her husband and sings on the track ` isolation ' on the new crowded house album , intriguer .
M	his san luis result earned him direct entry to the world chess championship series of 2007 .
F	she is met by the count disguised as an drunken soldier .
M	he decided to make his own chocolate candies .
F	she also voices marge 's sisters patty and selma
M	`` prompting the indian government to call him the `` nizam 's frankenstein monster . ''
M	the player puts these tiles on a rack in front of him so that he can see them , but the others can not see which letters he has .
M	marge makes homer say he 's sorry to the dancer to teach bart that women are not objects .
F	the countess pretends it is only susanna , trying on her wedding dress .
F	she was a u.s. representative , serving from 2007 until 2011 .
F	tatiana wrote to her mother on 8 march 1910 , that she was `` so afr -lrb- aid -rrb- that s.i.
M	there , political fights between slavs and ethnic germans angered him and made him one who was for the pan-german movement .
M	from 1683 he seems to have returned to middelburg , where he set up a workshop and signed his small , carefully balanced minimalist still lifes .
F	she is the one who found out that kagome was her sister kikyo 's reincarnation , and tells inuyasha and kagome to work together , because kagome also has the priestess powers that kikyo once had .
F	her mother was a lifeguard and had taught jessica to swim before she could walk .
F	she published the book â the boston cooking school cookbookâ in 1896 which had 1849 recipes .
M	he hit .387 with five home runs and had 13 stolen bases .
F	her family runs a construction company in daegu .
F	her later single , touch \/ yume no tsuzuki , first charted at the # 15 , with the tie-in and went as high as # 11 .
F	she has won a golden globe award , two screen actors guild awards , two image awards , a grammy award , six additional grammy nominations , an emmy award nomination and an academy award nomination .
M	he is the co-founder and pastor for preaching of mars hill church in seattle , washington .
F	grace also said that her grandmother and aunt , with jane southworth , went to sabbats held every thursday and sunday night at red bank , on the north shore of the river ribble .
M	he sang the part of the emperor altoum in puccini 's turandot in 14 performances there .
M	on the december 1st episode of raw he made a alliance with cody rhodes ted dibiase and manu called legacy he began 2009 off with winning the 2009 royal rumble .
F	the arms of her majesty in right of the isle of man were granted by queen elizabeth ii , lord of mann on 12 july 1996 .
F	in these versions , man named tom had watched her ride and was struck blind or dead .
M	born john elliot blumenfeld , he was the son of the daily mail news editor r. d. blumenfeld -lrb- who later became managing editor of the daily express .
M	he was the only producer ever to have major movie deals with seven separate countries on three continents : hungary , italy , germany , china , india , england , and the usa .
F	when the opera was opened again in 1809 after it had been closed since 1806 , she performed with her five year old daughter in the ballet dansvurmen .
M	he made some changes to it by 1736 and performed it again on 30 march 1736 .
F	thus without political influence , marguerite louise sorted the education of her eldest son , grand prince ferdinando .
F	she debuted in the eighties and played the leading role in 18 movies , 20 television dramas and 140 commercials .
M	during his three year tenure , anton received limited screentime on the show .
F	the governess and alexandra wanted her to go to bed as a punishment , but nicholas said no.
M	in `` rise of the cybermen '' , the tenth doctor claims that his tardis is the last one in existence although at the time of his saying this , he also thought he was the last time lord .
M	from 1968 to 1973 he attended san diego state university , where he received a bachelor of arts degree .
M	he dropped the ` a ' from the end of his name when the credits read `` drawings by andrew warhol '' .
F	she sprayed airplane parts with fire retardant and inspected parachutes .
M	when allen became a coach himself and told him that he was going to coach basketball at baker university in 1904 , naismith said to him : `` you ca n't coach basketball ; you just play it . ''
M	he plays for montedio yamagata .
M	he also produced the first solo album of andrea corr of the corrs , entitled ten feet high which was released on june 25 , 2007 .
M	fitzgerald left princeton university to serve in the united states navy in world war one , but the war ended shortly after he signed up .
F	in the beginning she only published in austrian literary magazines , for example in zenit and wienzeile .
F	her first album was released in 2008 and became a number 1 album on the charts .
F	when she was fourteen , she moved to tokyo .
F	her daughter , allegra versace , also owns 50 % of the company .
F	she proposed it in her judgment in a lawsuit called lynch v. donnelly in 1984 .
F	in 2001 , she released a self titled mini-album on the indie label office augusta .
M	he has played for yugoslavia national team .
M	in this drama cd , setsuna f seiei is tasked with the mission of preventing an assassination of barry halevy , the leader of a fossil fuel export regulation watchdog group , and protecting his daughter , louise halevy from terrorist organizations .
M	he played college football at ucla .
F	she likes the pop singer kelly chen , so she puts `` kelly '' in her nickname .
M	however , as kwanzaa became more popular , karenga changed his position so that practicing christians could also feel included .
M	when richard webster became chief justice of england in 1900 , he chose the title lord alverstone because it was the title he was permitted to choose which was `` closest '' to sandown , one of his favorite locales .
F	she is best known for playing the title character in the movie buffy the vampire slayer and has also starred in the film flowers in the attic .
M	his three championship fights between 1952-54 were named fights of the year by that magazine .
M	at the hospital he met robin warren , a pathologist who was interested in gastritis .
F	she was born as mã xima zorreguieta in buenos aires , argentina , on 17 may 1971 .
M	he was born in cuã llar , near segovia , spain .
F	as her husband was jewish , she converted to judaism .
F	bella takes the cullens ' votes , and everyone except rosalie and edward say she should join their family as a vampire -lrb- rosalie had issues with becoming a vampire , and did not want bella to make a choice she would regret ; edward was afraid that vampires had no soul or afterlife , and did not want bella to lose her soul -rrb- .
M	grubbs studied chemistry at the university of florida where he was awarded a b.s.
M	he obtained the title of count on 19 march 1808 , married on 16 november of the same year mlle .
F	she won the british open title in 2005 , 2006 and 2008 .
F	she stayed there until she was 100 , when she moved in to live with one of her sons .
M	since 2005 , he has been a member of the public chamber of russia .
F	she was the only female board member .
F	her most popular parts were in the plays min tante aurore , bildhuggaren , brodertvisten , syrsan , preciosa , jane eyre and mã ster smith .
M	he was imprisoned at frongoch internment camp .
M	a year after his public debut , knut was reported as weighing more than 130 kg -lrb- 286 lb -rrb- .
F	she sings the song stay -lrb- i missed you -rrb- .
F	her first play was on a 4 â 1\/2 by 9 foot pool table in the basement of her childhood home .
M	in 1987 he was given the highest rank : the grand-croix of the lã gion d'honneur .
M	if that law is against these things , then jurors can free a man in trial -lrb- find him not guilty -rrb- .
M	he had ordered his convoy to stop and return fire , instead of choosing the safer option of driving on in his touring car or transferring to the safety of the accompanying armored car , as his companion , emmet dalton , had wished .
M	plante first retired in 1965 , but he was asked to come back to the nhl to play for a new team , the st. louis blues , in 1968 .
F	she has appeared on over 500 magazine covers .
F	she began as a ladies maid to lady greathead at guyâ s cliffe house , near the saxon mill , coventry road , warks .
F	she was also the main character in the series tru calling .
F	it was nestor 's second australian open mixed title while for srebotnik it was her first .
F	she was a daughter of gaston de france , duke of orlã ans .
F	wapt -lrb- jackson , mississippi -rrb- tv news producer dharma arthur states in newsweek she lost her job as a result of her booking borat on a local afternoon news program .
F	in 1929 , she graduated from excelsior high school .
M	`` thant '' was his only name .
M	he had been emperor for a little more than three months .
F	her teacher had been a pupil of muzio clementi .
M	he was re-arrested in july 1973 and interned at long kesh internment camp , which was later called the maze prison .
M	his discovery of mitosis and chromosomes is considered one of the 100 most important scientific discoveries of all times , and one of the 10 most important discoveries in cell biology .
M	in an interview , reynolds said he started pclinuxos `` to provide an outlet for -lrb- his -rrb- crazy desire to package source code without having to deal with egos , arrogance and politics . ''
F	she rides off and hercules goes after her .
M	he plays for monaco .
M	he is better known by his ring name hornswoggle .
M	his first graduate student was james d. watson , who went on to discover the structure of dna with francis crick .
F	thus , she became the second first lady of the united states .
M	-lrb- that retreat is now called camp david since president dwight d. eisenhower renamed it after his grandson .
F	very well known is the one time the erinyes followed orestes : orestes ' mother klytaimnestra and her lover aegisthos had killed orestes ' father agamemnon .
M	in poland his works have become a staple of classical study in schools of all levels .
F	she has a son , carlo gabriel nero -lrb- b.
F	it is reported : `` she observed firsthand -lrb- herself -rrb- several incidents -lrb- happenings -rrb- which galvanize her to write -lrb- the -rrb- famous anti-slavery novel .
F	i do n't have her any more ! ''
F	they gave her their ap entertainer of the year award .
M	it took me three months to find another job , and now i 'm thousands of dollars in debt and struggling to keep my house out of foreclosure ... how upsetting that a man who leaves so much harm in his path is lauded as a comedic genius . ''
M	however , his spiralling debt spun out of control , and he tried to recover by devices that only dug the hole deeper .
M	he owned a summer home 19 miles away from his hometown .
F	smoke appears and tempts her to try the drug .
F	in the dark of night , she used her rifle many times against lions and hyena and , during the siege of bulawayo , against ndebele warriors .
M	pulitzer believed that newspapers were important and had a duty to make society better , and he tried to do this with his newspaper .
M	however , all the points that cavendish gained in stage 14 were removed after he was judged to have driven hushovd too close to barriers on the course .
F	she married soviet official and fellow socialist joel shubin in 1932 .
F	she was the best-known actress who played tragedies of the 18th century .
M	he made about fifty recordings as a bandleader , and appeared on many other albums , for example with trumpeter miles davis and pianist thelonious monk .
F	and she was replaced by alberta hunter .
F	she became the youngest-ever champion at the 1990 french open at the age of 16 .
F	the woman and her husband found the child when they tried to open the peach to eat it .
F	she was the unofficial second lady from 1989 to 1993 .
M	keith olbermann -lrb- born january 27 , 1959 -rrb- is a progressive male television talk show host on the cable channel msnbc , where he is the host of the show countdown with keith olbermann .
M	in 1796 , he was press-ganged into the royal navy and served on hms venerable under admiral duncan , the royal navy commander-in-chief of the north seas .
M	in rome , he built the pantheon and the temple of venus and roma .
F	she won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 2004 for working on the olfactory receptors which she shared with richard axel .
M	he spent 39 weeks in the top 10 of the official world golf rankings from 2004 to 2008 .
F	in both versions of the story , however , fanny was taken to her room to recover and a doctor was called .
F	the following year , she played the teenage daughter of arnold schwarzenegger and jamie lee curtis in true lies .
M	he tells people how he tricked brã 1\/4 nnhilde and swears that a sword lay between them during the night , although brã 1\/4 nnhilde tries to make people think otherwise .
M	rã ard was a car engineer but by 1946 he was running his mother 's lingerie boutique near les folies bergã res in paris .
F	playing in the u.s open , she defeated olga govortsova in the first round but lost 6-0 , 6-0 to 10th seed flavia pennetta of italy .
F	during isabella 's time in hatch end she began to write articles on cooking and how to manage a house for her husband 's publications .
F	rather than the strong bull , hatshepsut , having served as a very successful warrior during the early portion of her reign as pharaoh , associated herself with the lioness image of sekhmet , the major war deity in the egyptian pantheon .
M	the bourbon monarchy was restored when he was 17 .
F	because of this , she won her first wwe women 's championship at wrestlemania 22 .
F	it told of her first five years of study at the gombe reserve .
F	in june 2009 , watson said that she would be helping burberry by being a part of their new autumn\/winter 2009 collection .
M	he played well in training camp and preseason games .
M	for his own safety , cohen was escorted from the venue .
F	mary did not visit anne during her pregnancy after that .
M	he plays for montedio yamagata .
M	when a rash of injuries hit the islanders , skinner was recalled and made his nhl debut in a 4-2 defeat against the new york rangers on october 27 , 2008 .
F	soon , the press were calling her the `` empress of the blues '' .
M	in the 1890s , he began to use pastel and oils , which featured in most of his works for the rest of his life .
M	zamiatkin said that after the rest of the family had been killed , he escaped with the children on a ship .
F	she plays teddy duncan in the disney channel original series good luck charlie .
F	cherry blends hip hop with other influences , and experienced some mainstream success with several of her recordings .
M	wozzeck thinks that the knife he killed marie with will prove that he is the murderer .
F	in 2008 , she acted in one of the disney channel original movies minutemen as `` stephanie jameson '' , which aired on disney channel in january 2008 .
F	the female will utter a loud yowl as the male pulls out of her .
F	she goes by the stage name alizã e â '' which is the feminine form of alizã and means `` trade wind '' .
M	euler 's started school in basel , where he was sent to live with his grandmother .
M	it was in the next decade when he played tom good in the bbc sitcom the good life that he made a household name .
M	he was the first black person to serve as vice president of a major american company .
M	then he entered the 2002 nba draft .
M	he also pitched three no-hitters , including the first perfect game of baseball 's `` modern era . ''
M	he served as chief economist for the oil company shell from 1995 to 1997 .
F	she was an 11 year old girl who wanted to make a website but had problems remembering the html codes .
F	pepper 's lonely hearts club band , composer ned rorem described `` she 's leaving home '' as `` equal to any song that schubert ever wrote . ''
F	she is the adoptive mother of actor dylan mcdermott .
M	he plays for the sacramento kings of the national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- .
F	her picture is in many advertisements , and some of them are iceberg vodka , guess , tommy hilfiger , christian dior , and marciano .
M	he finds the mansion filled with ghosts .
F	in march 1961 , when she was 16 , du prã gave her first concert at the wigmore hall , london , and she played the elgar cello concerto in 1962 in the royal festival hall with the bbc symphony orchestra conducted by rudolf schwarz .
M	there was no further penetration of the weddell sea until 1903 , when william speirs bruce took scotia to 74 â 1 's , but in a sector of the sea which did not bring him close to morrell 's or ross 's sightings .
F	she is also in charge of its sister station bbc radio 4 extra .
M	this key insight made possible his enormous influence on the economics of the industrialized world after 1950 .
M	liam jokingly claims that it took him nine years to write the song .
F	she was born march 15 , 1933 .
M	he was 25 years of age , and had just finished his doctorate at the university of vienna one year earlier .
F	she started her music career with her debut album huwa az-zaman -lrb- arabic : ù ù ø ù ø ù ù it is time -rrb- .
M	he plays for jef united ichihara chiba .
F	she became lula 's chief of staff in 2005 , after her predecessor , josã dirceu , resigned because of charges of corruption .
F	she was the country 's second female president , after corazã n aquino , who was the first .
F	rachel maddow -lrb- born april 1 , 1973 -rrb- is a progressive female talk show host on the television network msnbc where she is the host of the show , the rachel maddow show .
F	in the census in 1910 , her sister , viola smith said that bessie 's birthday was april 15 , 1894 .
M	he was the local bishop before he became pope , but he died in 1047 after having been pope for only twelve months .
F	since then , anna had been used as a donor for any other bodily substance needed to treat kate , who continues to swing between remission and relapse as she grows up .
F	she reiterated amun 's support by having these proclamations by the god amun carved on her monuments : `` welcome my sweet daughter , my favorite , the king of upper and lower egypt , maatkare , hatshepsut .
F	she started getting noticed with her roles in buffy the vampire slayer as willow rosenberg and in the american pie movies as michelle flaherty .
F	she had liver and heart disease .
F	she later returned to the ussr in 1959 , but settled in china until her death .
M	in february 1907 , when he was still a student , he was employed by the department of zoology at the british museum -lrb- natural history -rrb- .
M	outside the cave zeus appears and hercules tells zeus the water will cure chiron of his wound .
F	monroe had previously received criticism for wearing a dress with a neckline cut almost to her navel when she acted as grand marshall at the miss america parade in september 1952 .
M	he has lived very long -lrb- or has had several lives -rrb- , has wandered and journeyed , living all sorts of adventures whose details depend on the story-teller 's local tradition .
F	after a short ceremony , she bought a 5d -lrb- old pence -rrb- ticket and traveled to green park .
F	in april 2007 she finally lost to natalie grinham in the final of the 2007 seoul open .
M	in july 2010 , tatsu was involved in a few backstage brawls with the nexus to try and help john cena get rid of them , which he failed to do and got beaten down backstage .
F	she was buried in the funerary chapel of the dukes of lorraine in the saint-fran ã ois-des-cordeliers church in nancy .
F	at age 15 , though xenia and alexander wanted to marry , her parents did not want to allow them because xenia was too young .
M	to cheer dumbo up , timothy brings him to go see his mother .
M	and one of the subsections of the thesis was titled `` thirty seconds to mars '' and he goes on to talk about the exponential growth of technology that relates to humans and saying that we are quite literally thirty seconds to mars .
F	she chooses a home with a russian mother named rena , knowing that rena will not love her like claire did because she does not want to see this happen again .
F	she contacted dimaggio , who helped her get released .
M	the crusierweight champion , chavo guerrero was the final entrant and pinned mysterio to win with the assistance of his father chavo guerrero , sr. , thus keeping the wwe cruiserweight championship .
M	he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in july 2006 and died on 6 september 2007 at his home in modena .
M	then he moved to the united states to study at the juilliard school with ivan galamian and dorothy delay .
M	he one of the drivers for the marussia virgin racing for the 2011 formula one world championship .
M	laurentiis died on 10 november 2010 at his residence in beverly hills , california .
M	he broke up with his girlfriend after 15 years .
M	in this episode , butters pays $ 5 and gets his first kiss from sally , a girl on the playground .
M	he starred as oscar wilde in moises kaufman 's play , gross indecency : the trials of oscar wilde , and then was in many other plays .
M	his father was andrew hamilton hume , who came to australia in 1790 in charge of convicts -lrb- prisoners -rrb- and later became a farmer .
F	when elizabeth became queen on 6 february 1952 , she was officially queen of the united kingdom , canada , australia , new zealand , south africa , pakistan and ceylon -lrb- now called sri lanka -rrb- .
M	he first joined the senate in 1979 .
F	she was the last of her siblings to die and had outlived ten of her thirteen children .
M	his novel ender 's game and its sequel speaker for the dead both won the hugo award and the nebula award , making card the only writer -lrb- as of 2007 -rrb- to win both of science fiction 's top prizes two years in a row .
F	gillard had been spoken of as a future leader of the party for some years but , until 2005 , she stayed out of leadership contests .
F	her favorite food is sushi and she loves the color purple .
F	she gradually introduced the other operas wagner had written , so that all ten operas were in the repertoire .
M	he also wrestles and occasionally commentates for the memphis wrestling promotion .
M	he spent six months trapped by drought at depot glen , south of tiboorburra .
F	in 2009 , she performed her song `` body language '' on the miss universe show in the bahamas .
M	in 1993 he repatriated to israel .
F	evelyn started her professional career as an oboist in the drury lane orchestra .
M	zeus warns hercules from going through with his plan to get the torch back .
M	after retirement , he began to use the gå , or pen name , yozan -lrb- é å -rrb- .
F	when she divorced , diana spencer stopped being princess of wales , but was given the title diana , princess of wales to show she had once been married to a prince of wales .
F	mortenson died at the age of 85 , and monroe 's birth certificate , together with her parents ' marriage and divorce documents , were discovered then .
M	this made him on the same level as george v in the negotiations .
F	on 10 february 1904 , at st george 's chapel , windsor , princess alice of albany married her second cousin once-removed , prince alexander of teck , the brother of queen mary .
M	louis de france was born in the palace of versailles , the eldest son of louis , le grand dauphin , and his wife maria anna victoria of bavaria .
F	she married infante philip , younger son of philip v of spain , and later became duchess of parma .
M	he continued in this job until the collapse of the soviet union in 1991 .
M	in 1979 , he gaining financial backing piero mancini .
F	when flocke , a female polar bear , was born at the nuremberg zoo in december 2007 , bild named her mrs. knut , suggesting that the two german-born polar bears might become mates .
M	for twenty years he was the foreign correspondent for the grand lodge of masons .
F	through the 1970s and 1980s she concentrated on household goods and make-up , rather than just her clothing lines .
M	he then stabs it between the shoulder blades and through the aorta or heart .
M	the badge 's clear blue border bears the motto in action faithful and in honour clear -lrb- alexander pope 's description -lrb- in iambic pentameter -rrb- in his epistle to mr addison of james craggs , later used on craggs ' monument in westminster abbey -rrb- in gold letters , and the oval is surmounted by an imperial crown .
F	rowling made harry an orphan from the early drafts of her first book .
F	the song is from her debut record , also titled unwritten .
F	the empress did not believe her , saying that `` everything rasputin does is holy '' .
F	she was offered the part and made her debut on broadway in 1995 as a replacement in the role of young cosette in the new york city showing of les misã rables .
M	he then caught them by surprise in a sea battle , capturing them all in a single action .
F	she was principal for dramatens elevskola two times ; the first time from 1831 to 1834 , and the second time from 1841 to 1856 .
M	another teacher `` david kachadourian '' , was shot in the shoulder while evacuating his students to safety and a 14-year old student , `` trinnetta mcgrady '' , had knee and back injuries received from being trampled in a hallway by fleeing students .
F	on august 22 , 1879 , a female admirer traveled to longfellow 's house in cambridge and , unaware to whom she was speaking , asked longfellow : `` is this the house where longfellow was born ? ''
M	his most famous work is his essay the protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism .
F	in 1726 , she became the subject of a lot of dispute when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits .
F	while in chicago , fey also made what she later called an `` amateurish '' try at stand-up comedy .
M	as a road cyclist , he has risen to fame as a sprinter .
M	he did not ask the man who arranged the photo to set up a date for him and monroe until 1952 .
F	this meant that if the king died , then the next in line was her uncle , the prince of wales and then her father , the duke of york , and then her .
M	he proposed neither nationalisations nor privatisations .
M	he was sent to australia as a convict for seven years .
F	and she is a vegetarian .
F	she was a regular in the program from 1981 to 1983 .
M	however , wilbur is hungry so he gets some grapes which make him look purple .
M	the recordings were a failure and shines sold his guitar and went back to construction .
F	her mother died in 1928 and this gave her even more freedom and money to sing .
M	he was captured by the japanese in 1942 and spent the next three and a half years in the los baã os prison camp .
M	to halt the other band members because he was holding a cigarette and had only one drum stick in his hand .
M	he plays for jagiellonia biaå ystok .
M	he sought to consolidate royal power and crush domestic factions .
M	he also represented the republican party at several conventions .
F	fey shows her right -lrb- non-scar -rrb- side of her face more often when acting as her character liz lemon .
M	he graduated at seville university in 1564 and later studied at salamanca and alcalã .
M	he was born in paris .
F	her creator william moulton marston had said the same thing .
F	her mother and stepfather , sandra and eddie wilson , own the restaurant `` threadgill 's '' in austin , famous for being the site of janis joplin 's first performance .
F	it was her fourth grand slam title in her career and second consecutive slam having won the us open in 2010 .
F	she died in her castle at ivry-sur-seine having suffered from breast cancer .
M	don adams -lrb- april 13 , 1923 -- september 25 , 2005 -rrb- , born donald james yarmy , was an american actor famous for his role as maxwell smart -lrb- agent 86 -rrb- in the tv situation comedy get smart -lrb- 1965 -- 1970 , 1995 -rrb- , for which he also directed and wrote .
F	in 1999 , she joined a small band as lead singer .
M	zeus appears and tells him that it is the underworld .
F	the eighth edition -lrb- 1854 -rrb- called her `` an elegant novelist '' .
M	bresci had his loan to the paper returned -lrb- without telling his comrades why -rrb- , and with the money he went to italy .
M	upon his death in 79 , he was succeeded by his eldest son titus .
F	the storyline ended at backlash with a rematch after stratus legitimately dislocated her shoulder when james threw her out of the ring .
M	he has played for netherlands national team .
M	he wrote several famous works , such as on famous women and the decameron .
M	robson was married to elsie from 1955 until his death .
M	nelson mandela was the first member of his family to go to a school , where his teacher miss mdingane gave him the english name â nelsonâ .
M	once he was out of the hospital he returned to berkeley , this time to study art .
M	he is best known as the musical partner of bluegrass singer-songwriter gillian welch .
F	liadan finally gives birth to her son .
F	both of her parents were jewish , but gellar 's family had a christmas tree during the holidays while she was growing up .
F	she established a site for ceremonies honoring the shinto sun goddess -lrb- amaterasu omikami -rrb- .
M	he was assigned to the avalanche 's ahl affiliate , the lake erie monsters , for 2009 â `` 10 .
M	he said , `` doctors told me to take the rest of the year off , but there was no way '' , `` the longer you wait , the harder it 's going to be .
F	by that time she had won the world straight pool championship women 's division eight of the prior nine years .
M	he has been the member of parliament for the hull west and hessle constituency in the united kingdom since the 1997 general election .
F	she won 2 nz music awards ; ` best female solo artist ' and ' 42below best selling album in new zealand ' .
M	but when the fullness of time had come , god sent his son , born of a woman , born under the law ...
F	she died in 1954 .
M	his simple geometric compositions , together with the use of only three basic colors , blue , yellow , and red , in combination with black and white created a new venue for the graphic designers .
F	her follow-up single `` girlfriend '' also started at number one and her first album , honey to the b -lrb- released immediately afterwards -rrb- started at number 14 in the uk album charts .
M	on 6 march , livingstone announced that he would run against dobson as an independent , confirming speculation that he would renege on his earlier pledge .
F	she is referred to , by fans , as the battling bard of potidaea .
F	she became a student of the french ballet-master louis gallodier in 1786 , at the age of nine , and when she graduated , she was considered as one of the first great products of the newly founded royal swedish ballet .
M	he was buried at the basilica of superga in turin .
M	the condition was that antoninus would in turn adopt marcus annius verus , the son of his wife 's brother , and lucius , son of aelius verus , who afterwards became the emperors marcus aurelius and lucius verus .
M	neither his birth nor death date is certain , and archival evidence only exists in middelburg for his membership in the guild of st. luke there from 1695 onwards , when he was fined for selling a painting without being a member of the guild .
M	he married gretchen hahnen -lrb- 1902-1986 -rrb- in new york city on june 2 , 1934 .
M	the governess is sure that miles , like his sister flora , is too kind and innocent to have done such terrible things .
F	she was expected to stay for only a few weeks , but remained in versailles for almost a year .
F	this caused her to become known as a protector of embalmers ' tents and of the canopic jar for the intestine -lrb- qebehsenuf -rrb- .
F	she wrote the program for charles babbage 's mechanical computer , the analytical engine .
F	she starred in the films pearl harbor -lrb- 2001 -rrb- , underworld -lrb- 2003 -rrb- and van helsing -lrb- 2004 -rrb- .
M	he plays for sagawa printing .
F	she used to be a model for catalogs .
M	he won more elections than any other 20th century prime minister of the united kingdom -lrb- in 1964 , 1966 , february and october 1974 -rrb- â '' but only once with a clear majority -lrb- 1966 -rrb- .
F	while she was sipping a cup of tea , she dropped a cocoon into the steaming water .
M	during the night , johns escaped from his cell , took the horse and the magistrate 's new saddle and bridle .
M	he was the second son of george iii .
M	bakovic played his junior hockey for the windsor spitfires of the ontario hockey league but was never drafted .
F	she became first lady when her mother , caroline harrison , became sick and died .
M	he led the leonhardt baroque ensemble with the english counter-tenor alfred deller with whom he made one of the first recordings of some bach cantatas .
M	in 1723 , he received his master of philosophy .
M	he was germany 's longest serving foreign minister and vice chancellor .
F	in addition to being able to work for other studios , monroe had the right to reject any script , director or cinematographer she did not approve of .
F	among tibetans she is seen as a buddha who takes the form of an ordinary woman so as to be seen by the average person , `` who , for the time being , do not see her vajravarahi form as a fully perfected deity . ''
M	he died in the nassawadox hospital in northampton county , virginia , also on the eastern shore in 1974 .
F	her father was thutmose i ; her predecessor was thutmose ii -lrb- her brother and husband -rrb- ; her successor was thutmose iii , the son of thutmose ii by a lesser wife .
F	gia uses her position as vip for her benefit , assigning two chores to pamela , whom she has grown to dislike , and using the grocery money to buy herself a birthday cake , refusing to get any of the items requested by erica , pamela or jacqueline .
F	in 2007 , she became the first regular female presenter of bbc radio 1 's chart show .
M	he also made an oath to recharge the power ring : `` in brightest day , in blackest night no evil shall escape my sight , let those who worship evil 's might , beware my power ... green lantern 's light ! ''
M	he has worked for civil rights and humanitarian causes .
F	through her use of irony , austen tried to protect herself as an artist and a person from the behavior and practices she disliked .
M	from 1943 to 1950 , he worked at indiana university , bloomington .
M	at the arcade , michael smokes pot with his old `` friends '' and `` smoke '' , an anthropomorphic cloud of smoke with a mafioso-like appearance and personality .
F	after a year of that , she was named moscow correspondent for the international news service .
M	in 1623 jan carstenz made his way west across the gulf of carpentaria to what is believed to be groote eylandt .
M	he plays for consadole sapporo .
F	the writer marianne ehrenstrã m called her the darling of the audience , and describes her as gracious as a nymph .
F	she moved to southern california in 1904 with her first husband , john robertson .
F	the great changes made by her translators made the continent receive austen differently than in britain .
F	her first novel was put up for the best first novel agatha award in 2007 .
M	he is best known as the author of the devotional my utmost for his highest .
M	he won a national medal of science in 1993 .
F	monica samille lewinsky -lrb- born july 23 , 1973 -rrb- is an american woman who , in 1997 , became famous for being part of a scandal between her and former president of the united states of america , bill clinton .
M	zeus tells hercules that if he did that he would be in big trouble with hera , but hercules persuades him anyway .
F	afterwards , she was known as madame infante at the court of louis xv .
F	in october 2009 , she became a cast member in kbs 2tv reality show invincible youth -lrb- '' ì ì ë í '' -rrb- .
F	when she was 12 her father became the japanese ambassador to austria , so the family moved to vienna .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	policy in this field is determined primarily between him and the -lrb- -lrb- taoiseach ; and it is likely that the fianna fã il new line owes much to dr. hillery ...
M	in 1994 , eros poli , not known for his climbing ability , stole away at the beginning of the day 's stage , built up a big time gap from the peloton , and was first over the ventoux and was the stage winner despite .
F	she produced the first genetic map for maize , and demonstrated the role of the telomere and centromere .
F	in 1975 , she again played the legendary willie mosconi on cbs 's `` challenge of the sexes '' in both the games of eight-ball and nine-ball .
F	michele was named to people magazine 's best dressed list of 2010 as `` the newbie '' and she was voted `` 2010 most stylish star '' by e !
M	homer 's incompetence quickly gets him fired by the germans .
M	he was the eleventh and youngest son of the great composer johann sebastian bach .
M	these include an encounter with homer , before he was famous , in which gabrielle encourages his storytelling aspirations ; the fall of troy ; and the capture of caesar by pirates , with xena cast as the pirate leader .
F	she performs the biellmann on one foot , then drops her free leg and performs the spin on her other leg .
F	when cyrus was eleven years old , she started auditioning for a television series named hannah montana .
F	so odysseus built a raft and left her .
M	in 1787 , he entered into mercantile business with his sons richard and henry in saint john , new brunswick , but returned to london to settle permanently in 1791 , where he died ten years later .
F	her marriages to musician freddy moore and actor bruce willis ended in divorce .
M	mcgee also participated in the 2011 nba slam dunk contest where he finished in second place , losing to blake griffin .
M	he returned to the city of lourenco marques during the late 1960s and returned to notã cias .
M	the woman , kuki , scolds him and insults him by calling him a caterpillar .
F	her new york metropolitan opera debut took place on november 14 , 1959 , as violetta in la traviata , a part that quickly became her signature role .
M	unable to speak , he hits claggart and kills him .
M	he appeared on the 29 march 2007 cover of the german vanity fair magazine , which was about the bear 's life .
M	he is also known for acting in numerous films , on the television , musicals , and in commercials .
M	he provided the first descriptions of and names for many australian bird species .
M	he was one of the first goaltenders in the nhl to catch the puck in order to stop it .
M	in 1970 , examinations performed on the relics suggested that the young man had been knifed in the back whilst riding his horse and had then been dragged along the ground by the terrified animal with his foot caught in a stirrup .
F	she recorded , `` do n't explain '' , `` big stuff '' , `` you better go now '' , and `` what is this thing called love ? ''
F	she soon became a member of the famous bolshoi theatre in moscow .
M	in 1958 , he gained the title dr. jur .
M	he took over when bryan singer decided to direct superman returns .
F	from 1907 to 1916 , she was the only physician regularly practicing in the vast desert between the salton sea and palm springs .
F	her tv appearances include supernatural , stargate atlantis , edgemont , trophy wife , bye bye birdie , first to die , and post mortem .
M	chatmon himself was a member of the family 's string band when he was young .
F	sorel was twenty years old when she was first introduced to king charles .
F	she was the mother of king christian iv of denmark and anne of denmark .
F	she argued that to have even modest success , western practices are used instead of traditional economic structures and values .
M	ferrez 's life was dedicated to the art of photography and he is considered one of the greatest photographers of his time .
F	the queen later gave money to her queensland premier 's flood relief appeal , as did her son , prince charles .
M	his father satish narredu is a senior horse trainer and his uncle malesh narredu a champion jockey .
F	her mother , lillian , was an heir to the standard oil fortune .
M	he landed three ships drommedaris , reijger and goede hoop at the future cape town on 6 april 1652 and strongly make the site as a way-station for the voc trade route between the netherlands and the east indies .
M	an electrical unit called the ampere is named after him .
F	harris says that working with kylie was `` surreal , but fun '' although revealed to mixmag in 2007 to `` needing a few drinks before meeting her . ''
M	he renamed it santa marã a del puerto .
F	she gained attention for her role as lois lane in the television series lois & clark : the new adventures of superman co-starring with dean cain .
F	monroe received positive reviews for her performance and was in a strong position to negotiate with 20th century fox .
M	although fogolin was raised in canada , he was chosen to play for team usa in the 1976 canada cup , since he was born in the u.s. .
M	he was the leading opponent of slavery and the slave trade in new york .
F	her other novels include hangsaman -lrb- 1951 -rrb- , the bird 's nest -lrb- 1954 -rrb- , the sundial -lrb- 1958 -rrb- and the haunting of hill house -lrb- 1959 -rrb- , regarded by many as one of the important horror novels of the 20th century .
M	he wrote on algebra , logic , foundations of mathematics , philosophy of science , physics , metaphysics , and education .
M	in december he announced his intention to inaugurate the year 193 as both consul and gladiator on 1 january .
F	the film is about anna anderson , who believes that she is anastasia , daughter of nicholas ii of russia .
F	in the course of working at the juice stand , lilly found that squeezing juice made a mess of her clothes .
M	burton won immunity , but gave it to rupert during tribal council ; it was no use to burton since he and lillian already had immunity .
F	she is also known for `` sweet sir galahad '' and `` joe hill . ''
F	anne marie milan desguillons had ben the first in 1793-1800 , but she was principal together with her husband .
F	she used these ideas to form the theory of vibrism , which is a combination of synthetic cubism of the pre-war period and larionov and goncharova 's rayonism .
M	then , he asked one little favourâ '' the sweater he had worn in the last world series . ''
M	cosgrave was suspicious of fitzgerald 's liberal ideas and believed that he had designs on the leadership .
M	this made him very interested in russian music .
F	she later went to westminster school near the palace of westminster .
F	she shares her nickname with her grandfather 's brother , conrad `` nicky '' hilton , who died 14 years before she was born .
M	martin , after the song 's mixing , felt that his voice was `` too subdued , too quiet '' .
M	from 1990 to 1994 , he was music director of the orchestra of st. luke 's .
M	in the tenth game schlechter tried to win and took a clear advantage , but he missed a win on his 35th move , and finished by losing .
M	in 1966 , campbell decided he wanted to make bluebird go faster than 300 mph -lrb- 480 km\/h -rrb- .
M	he currently plays as a shortstop for the milwaukee brewers of major league baseball -lrb- mlb -rrb- .
F	after the second world war , she along with renã cassin , john peters humphrey and others , drafted a declaration for the united nations : un universal declaration of human rights .
F	it is mary 's `` strong , original opinions '' and her resistance to `` conventional wisdom '' that makes her a genius .
F	anne , with her spanish ladies-in-waiting , continued to live according to spanish custom .
M	he is also a chess columnist , coach and commentator .
F	if she has intercourse with more than one male , it favors the chances of one or the other male 's sperm reaching her egg .
M	during his career he played eleven games in the national hockey league for the new york islanders .
F	she later used the setting in many of her novels .
M	while his aunt and uncle were having a party to celebrate the marriage of their son , mila took his revenge by summoning a great hail storm to demolish their house , which killed 35 people .
M	charles iv -lrb- november 11 , 1748 - january 20 , 1819 -rrb- was king of spain from december 14 , 1788 until his abdication on march 19 , 1808 .
F	together , her sea trilogy explores the whole of ocean life , from the shores to the surface to the deep sea .
M	terry won and he choose himself and his wife , along with shane and his son , boston , to spend the night at a villa .
F	she also appeared as an infant in home alone with her grandmother and had a small cameo along with her father in home alone 2 : lost in new york .
M	while he was at the workshop , he was able to learn all sorts of other useful skills : chemistry , metallurgy , metal working , plaster casting , leather working , mechanics and carpentry .
M	he was a college professor and wrote a book about bumblebees .
F	for example , stowe was a christian and active abolitionist , and put lots of her religious beliefs in her book .
M	he is followed by frenchman alain prost with 41 and by finnish driver kimi rã ikkã nen with 35 .
F	cleopatra and her entourage were in rome when caesar was assassinated on 15 march 44 bc .
M	he moved with his wife harriet to cold spring harbor , new york , in 1950 to join the carnegie institution of washington 's department of genetics .
M	in 2003 he opened a new restaurant , the sã 1\/4 dtiroler stuben at the platzl in munich .
M	john spencer , who played leo mcgarry , died from a heart attack on december 16 , 2005 â '' about a year after his character experienced a nearly fatal heart attack on the show .
F	the ninth edition -lrb- 1875 -rrb- praised her as `` one of the most distinguished -lrb- remarkable -rrb- modern british novelists '' .
F	one of her lovers was tithonus .
M	he wrote of several geological manuals , and served as a naturalist on the trips of the ship h.m.s fly .
F	she said that the germans paid the reparations in full and on time as long as the french occupied dã 1\/4 sseldorf in 1921 , but stopped after the french were no longer stationed there in 1922 .
F	she studied piano at military college of arts .
M	in 2007 , he won the golden globe for best supporting actor for his portrayal of soul singer james `` thunder '' early in dreamgirls , and received a nomination for the academy award for best supporting actor for the same role .
M	his real name was eric arthur blair .
F	she was the first lady of the united states in 1881 .
F	she wrote some more books about her travels , including china 's millions -lrb- 1928 -rrb- , red star in samarkand -lrb- 1929 -rrb- .
M	the fact that fossils were of soft-bodied forms , and the range of organisms new to science , led him to return to the quarry almost every year until 1924 .
M	he won five consecutive major tournaments that year : san sebastian , pieå å any , breslau -lrb- the german championship -rrb- , warsaw and vilnius -lrb- although none of these events included lasker or capablanca -rrb- .
F	edmund has since become more caring for lucy , and is the first one to believe her when she `` sees '' aslan , going on her side against the disbelief comments of trumpkin and her other siblings .
M	he is most famous as a guitar player and has played with many famous singers including : ricky nelson , elvis presley , johnny cash , merle haggard , john denver , jerry lee lewis , elvis costello , roy orbison , joni mitchell and the everly brothers .
M	this makes him look like a wild pig .
M	the unknown author of the gospel of thomas did not have a special word for `` parable , '' making it difficult to know what he considered a parable .
F	she is famous for scoring the first ever perfect 10 in olympic gymnastics history in the 1976 summer olympics in montreal , quebec , canada .
F	in her will , she says each person can get one million dollars or search for clues around the world and become super powerful .
M	he was captured in italy in 1945 and spent two years as an american prisoner of war .
M	the following year he tried unsuccessfully to regain piedmont .
F	she was the socialist party 's candidate for the 2007 french presidential election but lost to nicolas sarkozy .
M	he is called `` the father of new france '' .
M	he then beat him at his own game , straight pool .
F	if it reaches the top , samus dies , or becomes so corrupted that she becomes another dark samus .
F	she also performed at the improvolympic theater .
F	a hundred years later katara , a fourteen-year-old waterbender girl , and her older warrior brother , sokka , free aang and appa from the iceberg .
F	she also introduced american women to the bobâ '' the short hairstyle favored by flappers in the 1920s -lrb- see also louise brooks -rrb- .
M	they are generally thought to be lecture notes for his students .
M	soon he was making his own movies .
M	at least four other songs he recorded for paramount have never been found .
F	franklin suffered a tragedy when her mother died in buffalo when aretha was ten .
M	for he that is mighty hath magnified me : and holy is his name .
M	in 1893 he captured the atmosphere of the fin de siecle in les opinions de jerome coignard .
M	he played for rapid in the 1996 uefa cup winners cup final against paris st germain in brussels , which rapid lost .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	in 1904 he delivered at the university of california a course of lectures , the object of which was to illustrate the application of the methods of physical chemistry to the study of the theory of toxins and antitoxins , and which were published in 1907 under the title immunochemistry .
M	he is starred at by many of the women .
F	about a year into her travels with xena , her scrolls about xena 's exploits begin to gain popularity , apparently helping , according to ares , turn xena into a legend .
F	in time , though , her writing became an open secret among the aristocracy .
F	after leaving russia , pavlova settled in ivy house on north end road , near hampstead , where she lived for the rest of her life .
F	it was with the 1939 publication of mary lascelles ' jane austen and her artâ '' `` the first full-scale historical and scholarly study '' of austenâ '' that the academic study of her works matured .
M	there he had published three collections of verses : `` the moth of ashes '' -lrb- 1997 , euterpe , tel-aviv -rrb- and `` the draft of centuries '' -lrb- 1998 , euterpe , tel-aviv -rrb- .
F	newspapers reported that she had been near death , although what her illness was was not said .
M	he ran away from home twice in his teens , first to kathmandu and later darjeeling , and , at age 19 , eventually settled in the sherpa community in too song bhusti in darjeeling , west bengal , india .
F	they fight in an enclosed arena in a match in which eve 's life is at stake , and they appeared to be at a stand-off before she is beaten by varia .
M	it dates back to 1777 and an english explorer , captain james cook , went to a place he named `` the friendly islands '' -lrb- now tonga -rrb- .
F	raising my cup i beckon the bright moon , for her , with my shadow , will make three men .
M	later that year he lost both his reichstag and town council seats .
M	at casaya , bruce used extra t-shirts to make a water filtration system , meaning his tribe did not need to boil the dirty water before drinking it .
M	he worked as an animator on such titles as cinderella , sleeping beauty , one hundred and one dalmatians , and lady and the tramp .
F	the wheeler and johnson families have known each other for decades , and marina wheeler was at the european school in brussels at the same time as her future husband .
F	with her sister-in-law , louise marie adã laã de de bourbon , she went to spain with her illegitimate daughter .
M	he had been declared dictator perpetuo -lrb- dictator for life -rrb- by the senate .
F	because of the sutra of golden light , in japan she became a protector of the people .
M	several of monroe 's biographers think that gladys baker used his name so it did not appear to be an illegitimate birth .
F	in september 1769 , she anchored off new zealand , the first european vessel to reach the islands since abel tasman 's heemskerck 127 years earlier .
M	he was born on 6 december 1421 at windsor .
M	pausanias wrote that aeschylus worked in a vineyard until the god dionysus visited him in his sleep .
M	he is best remembered as the patron of galileo galilei , his childhood tutor .
F	however , polgã r did not challenge this because she says there were no witnesses and an arbiter was not around .
F	on her trip , she meets natsu , a young boy , who is looking for igneel the salamander .
M	sawyer is known for his great flexibility and his artistry on the ice .
F	sorcha agrees to this and spends several years in the forest hiding as she works on the shirts .
F	according to tradition , she discovered silk and invented the silk loom in the 28th century bc .
F	when joan of arc was put on trial , she said no to the customary courtroom rules about a witness 's oath .
M	his first match in the bundesliga was versus sv kapfenberg on october 16 , 2010 .
M	steele said he was a `` devout christian '' and realized that the band was no longer something he could be a part of .
F	later that year , balukas and her younger sister laura , appeared on very popular cbs television show called i 've got a secret .
F	however , she can also project powerful fields of invisible energy which she uses for a variety of offensive and defensive effects .
M	some mps explained this with allegations -lrb- denied by bisky -rrb- that he was an informant of the stasi .
M	he stayed in germany until 1520 .
F	leah could sign full sentences long before her â hearingâ peers could even speak , and because of that , her parents say she never threw a tantrum .
F	the following year , meadows moved to the west coast to live with her husband steve allen and was replaced by former miss america bess myerson .
F	artie turns out to be a bad date and marge realizes that it is homer she really wants .
M	the former sabellius denied ; the latter he fully admitted .
M	he is often called the `` father of modern chemistry '' .
F	lise began her acting career at age 13 .
F	jessica claire biel -lrb- born march 3 , 1982 -rrb- is an american actress and former fashion model best known for appearing in several hollywood films such as summer catch , the remake of the texas chainsaw massacre and the illusionist , as well as for her early television role of mary camden in the long-running family-drama series 7th heaven .
F	in the championship match , james lost to stratus but still showed romantic fellings towards her the next night on raw .
M	while warning them about the junkyard of the gods , aphrodite , goddess of love , tells percy there is a romantic future waiting for him with annabeth .
F	she was a daughter of ferdinand , duke of genoa and elizabeth of saxony .
F	she played carol brady in the real live brady bunch .
F	when she is the factory she interviews mrs wormwood .
M	in addition to his time in the nhl , poile had a successful minor league career with the edmonton flyers of the western hockey league .
M	in 1964 he became king edward professor of music in the university of london -lrb- king 's college -rrb- .
F	for this appearance , she was nominated for an emmy in the category of individual performance in a variety or music program .
M	from 1908 to 1911 he was the main conductor of the vienna hofoper , following on from gustav mahler .
F	she is a democratic member of the united states house of representatives .
M	bret hart said no , and he also fired barrett .
M	he and his sister moved back to england , now to dove cottage in grasmere in the lake district , and this time with the poet robert southey nearby .
F	she asks her how she gained approval of her drink so quickly and why she was not able to analyze `` bane '' , an ingredient only found in bubble shock .
M	he always played a very high number of games , almost all of the rounds , and won three board medals , one gold and two bronze .
M	he died in oviedo .
F	although ryder made her screen debut in lucas -lrb- 1986 -rrb- , her first big role came in 1988 with beetle juice as lydia deetz , a goth teenager .
F	in october 2005 polgar had a fide rating of 2577 , making her the second-ranked woman in the world at the time , after her sister judit polgã r. she has been inactive and has not played in official competition since 2004 .
M	he was a high-ranking member of the socialist unity party of germany .
F	she was married to fellow composer hajime mizoguchi , with whom she worked with in order to create the music for please save my earth and escaflowne .
M	sejanus was tried , and he and several of his colleagues were executed within the week .
M	he also activated around 1,200 national guard troops , a 70 member rescue team , six helicopters , and a team that brings food and water to affected areas .
M	his recordings and performances of the johann sebastian bach : cello suites recorded in 1983 and again in 1994-1997 have been particularly praised .
F	in the late 1950s , carson turned her attention to conservation and the environmental problems caused by synthetic pesticides .
M	he took his first dance lessons at the henry street settlement house on the lower east side .
M	he is most remembered for promoting hoaxes and for founding a circus .
M	in 1844 , robert tyler moved to philadelphia along with his wife , priscilla .
F	although many are unsure of po 's gender , or think she is male -lrb- probably because of her scarlet -lrb- red -rrb- color and tomboyish antics -rrb- , she is clearly said to be female in several episodes , such as `` dad 's portrait '' -lrb- episode 216 , first broadcast 1998 -rrb- and `` numbers : 2 '' -lrb- episode 30 -rrb- .
F	in paris , she got higher degrees .
F	sharon creates chandeliers in her workshop in auckland .
F	there , she meets three other fairies , flora , musa , and tecna .
M	lully started to put them in his operas , often in pairs : minuet i , minuet ii , then minuet i repeated .
M	his name is sometimes written as harry lee kuan yew , although this first name is not usually used in official settings .
F	during the match , even though james was playing the heel character , the fans liked her more than stratus .
F	my mother wanted me to get to know my father , she wanted me to know brazil and the language , and she realized life in brazil would be better for a child . ''
F	friends such as susan strasberg later spoke of her illness .
M	in the ussr , lasker renounced his german citizenship and received soviet citizenship .
F	her performance brought strong reviews , and was seen by the writer and director , joseph mankiewicz .
M	he was born in a place near comendador and died in 1845 in a battle near bã nica .
M	frã dã ric leclercq -lrb- born june 23 , 1978 in france -rrb- is the bassist for power metal band dragonforce and plays in his own band , maladaptive , where he sings and plays guitar .
F	however , once she had thought of living in washington after 1953 .
F	in the guardian legend , the player controls the female guardian of earth , a `` robot transformer '' ; the japanese version of the game calls her `` miria '' .
F	her salary for gentlemen prefer blondes was $ 18,000 , while jane russell -lrb- who had no contract with any company -rrb- was paid more than $ 100,000 .
M	he was appointed editor of the spectator in 1999 .
F	she first rose to fame during the 1980s as part of the duo the judds with her mother naomi judd , who is also a singer .
F	`` fortunately , i arrived just at that moment , picked her up and carried her back to miss eagar , '' remembered her aunt grand duchess olga alexandrovna of russia .
F	in the early years , she watched over the children and the pack animals , always careful to keep a rifle within arms length .
F	margherita was regent of plaisance in 1635 and regent of the entire duchy in 1646 after the death of her husband .
M	nevertheless , naismith has one of the greatest coaching legacies in basketball history , as he coached basketball hall of fame coach phog allen , who himself coached hall of fame coaches dean smith , adolph rupp , and ralph miller at the university of kansas .
M	he shared the 1995 nobel prize in physiology or medicine .
M	he lost his re-election in 1830 .
M	it included his reading the address itself .
F	she returned to california and lived in a rented apartment as she recovered .
F	her mother trusted grigori rasputin , a russian peasant and wandering `` holy man '' .
M	he privately taught several pupils , including benjamin britten , who later helped to make his teacher 's music better known and honored him in his variations on a theme of frank bridge for string orchestra -lrb- 1937 -rrb- , based on a theme from the second of bridge 's three idylls for string quartet -lrb- 1906 -rrb- .
M	he believed that god would provide for his needs as he did his christian work .
M	cuã nod he studied at the ribaupierre institute in lausanne , at the conservatories in geneva and basel , and in vienna .
M	his son kim jong-il is the current ruler of north korea .
F	the show is a situation comedy somewhat based on her experiences at snl .
M	according to moore , his high run in the game was 236 ball in a row .
M	ã -- gedei -lrb- 1186-1241 -rrb- was the third son of genghis khan and second great khan of the mongol empire , after his father .
F	however , her family published them as one book after she died .
F	in 1953 and 1954 , she was listed in the annual `` quigley poll of the top ten money making stars . ''
F	mother teresa -lrb- born agnes gonxha bojaxhiu -rrb- -lrb- august 26 , 1910 â `` september 5 , 1997 -rrb- , was a roman catholic nun who started the missionaries of charity and won the nobel peace prize in 1979 for her work with people .
F	she had her first art exhibitions in 1991 .
M	he plays for everton .
F	p163 lucilla 's thirteenth birthday was in march 163 ; whatever the date of her marriage , she was not yet fifteen .
M	mero too would reverse the curtain call allowing him the chance to try a moonsault pin to a standing goldust .
F	she is a chatterbox with a fiery temper .
M	thayil said that `` jason just did n't work out , '' and that the band `` did n't need to go find someone better than him ; we needed to find a kindred spirit that we 'd hang out with anyway . ''
M	however , the change also says that if the new senator `` before taking his seat he ceases to be a member of that party ... he shall be deemed not to have been so chosen or appointed '' .
F	she joined the heritage society at oxford university .
F	rachel was surprised to see that after six months , leah 's sign language vocabulary had more words the vocabulary of hearing children her same age .
M	he heard that cayce was sick and asked if he could try to cure him .
F	menchik 's greatest success at international tournaments was at ramsgate 1929 , when she finished tied for second with akiba rubinstein , just half a point behind former world champion josã raã l capablanca , and ahead of her teacher gã za marã czy .
M	on the way , grover is involved in several situations where pan , god of the wild , speaks to him .
M	when koechlin was 14 his father died .
M	bear is often called a hard science fiction author because he uses many scientific details in his work .
M	his eye-rolling song-and-dance routines eventually led to his nickname , banjo eyes , and in 1933 , the artist frederick j. garner caricatured cantor with large round and white eyes resembling the drum-like pot of a banjo .
M	on 16 june 1944 , general charles de gaulle made his first major speech in bayeux .
F	winfrey owns a number of books , magazines and movies as well as what she is most famous for , her television talk show the oprah winfrey show which has been on television everywhere in the united states since september 8 , 1986 .
F	in her career so far , she has won 6 singles titles and 36 doubles titles , including three grand slam women 's doubles titles -lrb- 1 with frenchwoman julie halard-decugis and 2 partnering belgian kim clijsters -rrb- .
F	her motherâ s name was anna tuthill symmes .
M	as a coach , he had a lot of success , including an allan cup win with the spokane jets in 1970 .
F	she later recalled that monroe showed her dedication by rehearsing her dance routines each evening .
F	cahn was promoted to executive story editor and singer replaced her as story editor .
F	in 1994 on gnus and roses she sang `` the january june '' , which made fun of her sad and serious singing style .
M	his nobel prize winning studies with drosophila founded the field of developmental genetics and laid the groundwork for our current understanding of the universal , evolutionarily conserved strategies controlling animal development .
F	with terry not wanting to give danielle the hidden immunity idol , she and cirie will have a fire-making challenge .
M	on 26 september , 2000 he was charged with perjury and perverting the course of justice -lrb- i.e.
M	for his recitals there he was accompanied by gerald moore .
F	during this time , she had her last us chart single with a cover of smokey robinson 's `` get ready '' , which had already been a hit for the temptations .
F	athena wove her scene were she won over poseidon , the god of the sea .
M	after his victory , pierce in 1853 appointed belmont chargã d'affaires and minister to the hague .
F	she was the first lady of the united states from 1945 to 1953 .
F	she has prue 's power of telekinesis but with a twist because she is half whitlighter .
F	when the silk ran out , she saw a small cocoon .
F	she has a sister , alison , who is three years older .
M	he plays for ehime .
F	there she joined a consciousness-raising group in the newly-formed new york radical women organization .
F	when she became 18 years old , she married daniel parke custis .
F	she is yellow , has a curly antenna , and is concerned with the welfare of all .
M	leonardo told the duke that he might use the face of the prior as his model for judas , the traitor .
F	plath published her first poem here , when she was eight .
F	isolde asks brangaene which potion she prepared and is told that it was not the death poison , but a love-potion .
F	she defeated fianna fã il 's brian lenihan and fine gael 's austin currie in the 1990 presidential election , the first time fianna fã il had lost a presidential election .
M	since 2000 , he is the director of the international secretariat of the armenian revolutionary federation bureau in yerevan .
F	in the first year of government , she served as acting prime minister for 69 days while rudd was overseas .
F	she also started appearing in comcast 's xfinity ads that are shown on both the internet and television in the united states , mainly with two different laptops and two different colored persian cats .
F	on appeal , her conviction and sentence have been confirmed with finality by the indonesian supreme court , with legal maneuvers continuing on her behalf .
M	he wished to play for columbia 's strong baseball team , and soon was selected as shortstop on the freshman team .
F	flora jane thompson -lrb- 5 december 1876 -- 21 may 1947 -rrb- was an english novelist and poet that was famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about the english countryside , lark rise to candleford .
M	the show began with vince mcmahon making a short statement about his recent purchase of wcw and ended with a simulcast on raw on tnn with an appearance by vince 's son shane mcmahon on nitro .
M	he plays for fagiano okayama .
F	for a short time , she went to edgewood college in madison , wisconsin , and spring hill college in mobile , but then switched to xavier university of louisiana in new orleans , where she became a member of delta sigma theta sorority and graduated with a bachelor of arts in sociology in 1969 .
F	she took her first acting class at age twelve .
M	phelps received his ph.
F	she won the miss usa pageant in 2008 .
F	the reason she was going was to give the first foreign relief to the volga famine victims .
F	it was from there , she claims , that norse paganism developed .
F	she also praised the artistic skill of the designers , stating that the `` whole dark tone was gorgeous to look at '' , especially the `` art of the lion turtle '' .
F	she is the mother of king henry viii .
F	she was born in city of rasht -lrb- province of gilan -rrb- , where she was a high-school student before her arrest .
F	at tobolsk , she wrote a sad theme for her english teacher , filled with spelling mistakes , about evelyn hope , a poem by robert browning about a young girl .
M	he signed a series of peace treaties called the oslo accords with yitzhak rabin who the prime minister of israel at the time .
M	the dedication can still be found in a footnote on page 38 , thanking husserl for his guidance and generosity .
M	he was chosen for grantland rice 's all american football team in 1931 .
M	he also won the vezina trophy for his third time .
F	grace let norma jeane wear makeup and took her out to get her hair curled .
M	during his school years , he was a boy scout , and traveled to west pakistan and india in 1952 , and to canada in 1955 to attend jamborees .
F	the last song she recorded with her band was shoo shoo baby for the disney film valiant .
M	he has played for brazil national team .
M	the first time phonetics was studied was 2,500 years ago in what is now india , with pä á ini , when he wrote about the place and manner of articulation of consonants in sanskrit in his 5th century bc essay on sanskrit linguistics .
F	mcclintock 's research became well understood in the 1960s and 1970s , as researchers discovered the mechanisms behind the genetic change and gene regulation that she had shown in her maize research in the 1940s and 1950s .
F	mary is now determined to get in the talent show so sky will notice her .
M	the estates of saxe-lauenburg offered him the ducal throne in 1865 , he accepted .
M	tremaine aldon neverson -lrb- born november 28 , 1984 -rrb- , better known by his stage name trey songz .
M	sam frees frodo and gives him back the one ring .
F	later , it was confirmed by russell t davies in doctor who magazine that this return had been planned since she left .
M	in 1865 he married eliza lakin -lrb- 1837 - 1900 -rrb- , and worked as a part-time farmer raising four children at walnut farm in barrow upon trent .
F	mã l. for this , she won the guldbagge award for best actress , together with rebecka liljeberg .
F	cirie , who did n't like her low position in this alliance started a new alliance with aras and danielle to vote against courtney .
M	he was on the ginny simms radio show .
F	in 2000 , she co-published one of the first studies on trafficking in the united states entitled , sex trafficking in the united states : links between international and domestic sex industries .
F	at the end heracles shows up and seizes alcestis from death , restoring her to life and to admetus .
F	she went on to get the ladies title by winning the free skate with a score of 123.95 .
F	as she leaves , idomeneo realizes that sending idamante into exile has made ilia unhappy .
M	he is the son of formula one driver gilles villeneuve , and is the namesake of his uncle -lrb- also a racer -rrb- .
F	they had two sons , clifford and earl jr. , , both of whom died before her .
M	he followed morgan to the california institute of technology from 1930 to 1940 .
F	olga 's friends and family usually called her simply olga nikolaevna .
F	katie liu leung is a scottish actress , who is most famous for her roles as cho chang in the harry potter series .
M	it seems that he did not manage to finish it before he died , and that it was finished by another musician called franz xaver sã 1\/4 ssmayr .
F	later in the evening as they camp for the night , deianaira tells her a story that she is the daughter of a king .
M	he was the author of die geographische verbreitung der sã ugethiere dargestellt -lrb- 1844-46 -rrb- .
F	she thought it led to the early deaths of her two elder sisters , maria -lrb- born 1814 -rrb- and elizabeth -lrb- born 1815 -rrb- .
F	she worked much on solar spectroscopy , studying the spectral lines of the sun and identifying the chemical elements in the sun .
F	she says `` i 'm enjoying my life immensely ...
M	at oxford , he met philip larkin and became friends .
F	in 2006 , she was named one of teen people 's `` 25 hottest stars under 25 '' .
M	he was also appointed by ronald reagan to the president 's task force for private sector initiatives .
M	he was the leading portrait photographer in the andean city of cusco .
M	he was awarded the cbe shortly afterwards .
M	he originally attained stardom as a running back at the collegiate and professional levels , and was the first nfl player to rush for more than 2,000 yards in a season .
F	earthsea is a fictional place made by ursula k. le guin for her short story `` the word of unbinding '' in 1964 , but that became more famous in her book a wizard of earthsea , first written in 1968 .
F	she was buried in the cathedral of saint giovanni battista in turin .
F	it was also under her own direction that the world 's first studies were used into the treatment of cancers .
M	he also ranked seventh on gamedaily 's top 10 ugliest game characters list ; the authors referenced his snarling smile , moustache , and outfits .
M	he plays for thespa kusatsu .
M	he was 93 years old .
F	she said that sentimental novels showed how women 's emotions changed the world in a good way .
M	he had told the guards that whomever he kisses was the one they were to arrest .
M	there , he eats so many vegetables he becomes sick .
F	95 which she got in august , 2005 .
M	he plays for yazaki valente .
F	between 1842 and 1843 she translated an article by italian mathematician luigi menabrea on the engine .
F	during her lifetime , she produced 9,062 pounds of butterfat , impressive at the time .
F	at her first win in that tournament , held at a convention hall in asbury park , new jersey on august 14 , 1977 , she was described as `` the 18-year-old prodigy from brooklyn '' .
M	in 1974 he left the conservative party , before the february election , and became an mp in northern ireland for the ulster unionist party in october 1974 .
F	she also hosts a radio show called yui 's angel eggs -lrb- or å æ ç '' è # ã å ä 1\/2 ã ã ã 3\/4 ã '' horie yui no tenshi no tamago in japanese -rrb- which airs every monday morning at 0.30 am -lrb- local tokyo time -rrb- .
F	she was buried in the orlã ans family chapel the collã giale de dreux .
M	lorenz retired from the max planck institute in 1973 but continued to research and publish from his family home , in austria .
M	anatole france start his career as a parnassianism poet .
F	susanna returns to her room for some clothes in which to dress cherubino .
M	he drives the # 16 3m ford fusion for roush fenway racing .
M	friend and spiritual heir to thã odore gã ricault , delacroix was also inspired by byron , with whom he shared a strong identification with the `` forces of the sublime '' , of nature in often violent action .
M	he has worked worked a few times for armenfilm studio .
M	when he was 16 he got a scholarship to the university of birmingham where he studied english literature and music , and began playing the cor anglais .
F	sophie is waiting for the silver rose to arrive -lrb- the convention of the time says that her father must not be there -rrb- .
F	she also grew up watching second city television -lrb- sctv -rrb- and says catherine o'hara is one of her role models .
F	her challengers , strauss-kahn and fabius , obtained 21 % and 19 % respectively .
M	when his brother filippo emanuele , prince of piedmont died , he became legitimate heir to the duchy and received the loyalty swore of the court at racconigi on 21 january 1607 .
M	his name `` bä lohlã vek '' means `` whitehead '' .
M	the soviet 's supported him , so hoinecker became the new leader , or general secretary , of the socialist unity party , replacing walter ulbricht .
M	in capua , the words iovi vesvvio -lrb- jupiter vesuvius -rrb- show that he was worshipped as a power of jupiter .
F	entertainment weekly dedicated an article on their website toward the possibility of her performance receiving an academy award nomination .
F	between `` touch \/ yume no tsuzuki '' and `` houki boshi '' , she released `` motto futari de '' .
F	she competed in her first billiard congress of america u.s. open straight pool championship .
M	he turned more towards neoclassicism with his later music .
F	her albums are unwritten -lrb- which contains the hit single of the same name -rrb- , n.b.
M	he is also the deputy chairman of the government of singapore investment corporation -lrb- gic -rrb- , of which lee himself is the chairman .
F	she performed at the 2007 nobel peace prize concert and is the leader of an all-female brass group , tenthing .
M	freud hoped that his research would provide a solid scientific basis for his therapeutic technique .
M	shamrock pushed out of the pin count and quickly gained the advantage , delivering a belly to belly slam off an irish whip and then securing his ankle lock in the center of the ring , making the rock tap .
M	his full name was william lawrence cullen .
F	sarah jane was considered the most popular companion of the doctor and appeared in the new series episode `` school reunion '' along with her robot dog , k-9 .
M	they described the prose as `` choppy and attitude-filled '' and complained that '' -lrb- t -rrb- he characters are n't emotionally involving '' .
M	he founded microprose in 1982 with bill stealey .
F	nada is the zulu word for lily and she was named after the heroine in sir h. rider haggardâ s zulu tale , nada the lily -lrb- 1892 -rrb- .
F	in 1933 , during a trip to hollywood , pascal was contacted by princess norina matchabelli about a film project based on the teachings of her guru meher baba .
F	she took over management of her family 's pool hall , hall of fame billiards on ovington avenue in brooklyn .
M	he first became internationally famous for playing lord katsumoto moritsu in the 2003 film the last samurai , and was nominated for the academy award for best supporting actor for this role .
F	she had twin obelisks , at the time the tallest in the world , erected at the entrance to the temple .
F	danielle voted out terry , thinking that she would have a better chance of winning against aras , and because aras was a fellow member of the old casaya tribe .
F	her majesty 's loyal opposition , or the official opposition in the united kingdom is led by the the leader of the opposition .
M	husserl was so impressed by brentano that he decided to dedicate his life to philosophy .
F	after she has finished her wrestling career , james plans to own a farm and train horses .
M	mr. percy wilkinson lowered his 14 year-old son bernard into it with a bicycle lamp on 140 feet of rope tied to a tree to explore the cave .
M	lucario sacrificed himself in order to save the tree of beginning , though the credits showed him with sir aaron eating a chocolate bar .
M	his collection of carols for choirs which he prepared together with sir david willcocks is extremely widely used in britain .
M	he served from 1993 to 2001 .
F	she suffered a miscarriage on august 1 , 1957 .
M	in 1968 he returned to france , where he published l'arch ã ologie du savoir -lrb- the archaeology of knowledge -rrb- .
F	the single also crossed over to billboard 's sister publication r&r 's rhythmic chart in its july 5 issue , where not only did she have the highest debut ever for a non-rhythmic track , entering at number 26 with 1,065 spins , she also had the highest debut from a new artist in over five years .
F	after she was baptized , pocahontas took the english name `` rebecca '' .
M	he had been commander of the american forces in india and china in 1944 -- 45 .
F	she was an immediate sensation playing the title role in garrick 's adaptation of a play by thomas southerne , isabella , or , the fatal marriage .
F	she says that she was asked to get back a certain photograph , which she did .
F	it was directed by darrell rooney and lynne southerland , and features mulan , and her new fiancã , shang , on a special mission : getting the emperor 's three daughters across the country to meet their soon-to-be fiancã s. the movie deals with arranged marriages , loyalty , relationships , making choices , trust , and finding true love .
F	she is a former member of the r&b female group , destiny 's child with whom she won two grammy awards , but when the group was successfully prompted in the world she was forced to leave .
M	in august , he competed in the nascar nationwide series race at the watkins glen international road course .
F	in 1940 she married clarence t. cleary and they moved to oakland , california .
M	three were his sister alice 's children .
M	he won an `` outstanding guest actor '' emmy in 2001 for a part on the practice , but is currently most famous for playing zep hindle in the 2004 film saw and ben linus in the television series lost .
M	it was his first of two asteroid discoveries .
F	she explains that she made the archetype with different people 's dna and that the archetype is the perfect human being .
M	he said that chromosomes were `` independent entities which retain their independence even in the resting nucleus ... what comes out of the nucleus is what goes into it '' .
M	he reunited the eastern and western roman empire , but was the last emperor of both parts of the empire .
F	she is best known for playing the role of cassie , a gentle , ` spacey ' teen girl with an apparent eating disorder and unstated mental illness in e4 's drama\/comedy , skins .
M	later , in 1969 , he was hurt while serving as a company commander .
M	he attended the british school at rome from 1965-1966 , and received his phd in 1968 from the university of nottingham .
M	he was a fcw florida tag team championship .
M	writing about the tongans , he wrote :
F	it was grace who had told monroe that someday she would become a movie star .
F	she currently works for world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- wrestling on its raw brand .
M	after college , the san antonio spurs chose him with the first pick in the 1997 nba draft .
M	official indonesian presidential decrees from the period 1947-1968 , however , printed his name using the 1947 spelling .
F	in real life , melanie did not `` meet a man from the motor trade '' , but instead a croupier , and left in the afternoon while her parents were at work .
M	in the new testament , a sponge soaked in sour wine or vinegar was stuck on a branch of hyssop and offered to jesus of nazareth on the cross just before he died .
M	fogolin played his first professional season -lrb- 1974 â `` 75 -rrb- in buffalo , but played parts of the next season with the sabres and the ahl hershey bears .
M	his chops are looked up to by everyone , drummers and non drummers alike .
F	rosina shows almaviva the letter and says she is very sad .
F	sue plays a central role in the lives of her brother , her husband , her children -lrb- franklin richards and val richards -rrb- , and her friend , ben grimm .
M	some called him the `` king of calypso , '' because he popularized this caribbean musical style in the 1950s .
F	her book , the optimist 's daughter , won the pulitzer prize in 1973 and welty was awarded the presidential medal of freedom , among numerous awards .
M	bronstein was bitten on his bare foot .
F	upon hearing this hera runs hippolyta 's body over the edge of a waterfall , killing her .
F	she also appeared in michel brault 's entre la mer et l'eau douce -lrb- 1967 -rrb- and claude jutra 's kamouraska -lrb- 1973 -rrb- , based on the novel by anne hebert , for which she won her third canadian film award for best actress .
M	through private meetings with dumbledore , harry learns about lord voldemort 's orphaned youth , his rise to power , and how he splintered his soul into horcruxes to achieve immortality .
F	perseus killed the sea monster , saved andromeda and married her .
F	she allied herself with empress maria theresa , who promised louise ã lisabeth the throne of the southern netherlands , which had been returned to austrian rule under the treaty of aix-la-chapelle .
M	his first work called beginning of spring was published in 1935 .
M	much like strong , shubin was a man passionately dedicated to his work and the two were often apart because of work , and would ultimately spend little time together before shubin 's death in 1942 .
M	as of 2003 the company was run by his son jamling tenzing norgay , who himself reached the summit of everest in 1996 .
F	she is bambi 's mate .
M	he lowered the east to west record by 4 hours and 22 minutes .
M	he ordered fish and chips for lunch , but instead of fish he got squid -lrb- it was the first time he 'd eaten squid , and he said , `` it was ok .
F	with regard to these underlying comparisons she says : â on another level we are struck by the permanent verbal mix of the ape-like and the human , a combination which leaves us pensive and asks the legitimate question where we , who consider ourselves sapiens in a double sense , should finally classify man .
M	he also found early horses , the cretaceous and jurassic dinosaurs apatosaurus and allosaurus , and described the toothed birds of the cretaceous ; ichthyornis and hesperornis .
M	after that revolution , he prefered republicanism and freethought .
F	she lives in east london .
M	his vetoes were the first notable examples in recent german history .
M	in contrast to the neoclassical perfectionism of his chief rival ingres , delacroix took for his inspiration the art of rubens and painters of the venetian renaissance , with an attendant emphasis on color and movement rather than clarity of outline and carefully modeled form .
M	he is possibly the first modern superhero character .
F	people who believe this also believe that wollstonecraft was as reviled during her lifetime as she became after the publication of william godwin 's memoirs of the author of a vindication of the rights of woman -lrb- 1798 -rrb- .
M	later , during world war ii , he will be the leader -lrb- poglavnik - head -rrb- of the independent state of croatia , a puppet state of nazi germany .
F	she showed a great interest in science and visited the astronomer tycho brahe .
M	he is best known for his theory of gravitation , which was a competitor of albert einstein 's general relativity .
F	firework is a 2010 song by katy perry on her second album teenage dream .
M	soon prost passed boutsen for third as mansell began to have troubles with his gearbox .
M	he plays for chelsea and france national team .
M	the cantata takes its theme from the passion of jesus christ , in other words his suffering until his death at the cross .
M	in the introduction to his collected persian poems , he says : `` in the early days when i was just beginning to write poetry , every few days i would set my heart on a particular pen name and then after a time change it for another because someone showed up who shared the same name '' .
M	he began the 2004 season as the main quarterback .
F	her sister cassandra -lrb- to whom most of the letters were written -rrb- burned `` the greater part '' of the ones she kept .
F	for three days juno sat fuming , still trapped in vulcan 's chair , she could not sleep , she could not stretch , she could not eat .
F	later in her career , fitzgerald said , `` i do n't want to say the wrong thing , which i always do .
F	once she does , she may need to brood over them for up to 400 days before they hatch .
F	she was returned to her owners at deptford on may 25 , 1789 .
M	he removed sparkish .
F	she is an english folk singer .
F	meanwhile , lisa is given a olympic mascot pin and she decides to collect them but her pin collecting addiction goes out of control .
M	there are also rumors that he played with luke thomson and thomas `` clubfoot '' coles .
F	one day , she was given a house in ã -- stergã tland as a gift by some rich women after she had made them well after sickness .
M	he wrote two books , narrative of the life of frederick douglass and my bondage and my freedom .
F	she did best a performer in the first half of the 1970s , although people liked her as a songwriter before and after .
F	on population policy , in contrast to her predecessor , gillard is against a `` big australia '' .
M	they meet macbeth , who lies to banquo and says that he has not thought about the witches ' prophecy .
M	the greatest example has been in his present job -lrb- then , minister for foreign affairs -rrb- , where he has perforce concentrated on anglo-irish relations and , in particular northern ireland -lrb- .
F	she recently won first place in her very first horse show and got national attention for winning first place in her school spelling bee , despite being deaf .
M	kwai chang caine is a shaolin monk fugitive who fled to america to escape the emperor to put a price on his head , for the crime of his father 63 episodes were filmed between -lrb- 1972 - 1975 -rrb- .
M	in mayâ `` june 1922 , he and ira chief of staff liam lynch organised an attack of both pro- and anti-treaty ira units along the new border .
F	she developed theories to explain the control of genetic information from one generation of maize plants to the next .
F	on the april 14 , 2008 edition of raw , held in london , james defeated phoenix to win her fourth women 's championship .
M	he shared the prize with edward tatum and george beadle who won for their work on genetics .
F	she was also the second wife of king james ii .
M	the original form of his name -lrb- georg friedrich hã ndel -rrb- is usually called in germany , but he is known as `` haendel '' in france .
M	he got his b. mus .
M	he is used as an example of charismatic authority by max weber .
M	he plays for vegalta sendai .
F	she failed to improve her french .
M	in 1943 , william benton managed the britannica until his death in 1973 .
F	she had health problems , and she made her last recording in 1991 and her last public performances in 1993 .
M	in their fourth game against the dallas cowboys , he broke a finger on his throwing hand .
M	lederberg and his graduate student norton zinder went on to show in 1952 that bacteriophages could transfer genetic information between bacteria in salmonella .
M	he came from bathurst in 1815 and set up his camp on coombing creek .
F	she was born on 5 october 1658 ns in modena .
M	however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , first by the use of subtitles , and later and more commonly by using actors to read his words over the pictures of him speaking .
M	he is ryan 's illegitimate son by an affair with jasmine jolene , a dancer .
M	in an essay written two years before dying , dick described how he learned from his episcopalian priest that an important scene in the novel was very similar to a scene in the book of acts .
M	soon after his death , the royal academy of music was given the yehudi menuhin archive , a very large collection of musical books , letters etc.
F	she has started a new line of books named sisters of isis .
F	apart from her normal duties as vicereine of south africa and then canada , she attended the coronations of four monarchs : edward vii , george v , george vi , and elizabeth ii .
M	he named the element in the gap ekamanganese .
F	she turned professional in 1992 .
M	brian and his wife beth bruce had their first child , jamen , in 1996 , but were later divorced in 2000 .
M	according to da vinci 's contemporary , giorgio vasari , '' ... after he had lingered over it four years , left it unfinished ... '' .
F	`` lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off '' is the fourth single by the rock band panic at the disco , from their album , a fever you ca n't sweat out .
F	in her first appearance in 1976 , while a junior in high school , balukas placed second with 192 points .
F	nuneaton is famous for the novelist , george eliot , who was born on a farm outside nuneaton in 1819 and lived in nuneaton during her early life .
F	she was a defending champion and , in fact , has lost only two games to women in the past eight years '' .
M	the best known musical about mermaids are those by felix mendelssohn in his fair melusina and the three `` rhine daughters '' in richard wagner 's der ring des nibelungen .
F	she finished the year losing matches against martinez and jillian hall .
M	at the age of eight he appeared on american television in a concert conducted by leonard bernstein .
M	he did this starting in 1555 .
M	peter sauber said that he has not applied to change the name of the team , so they remain for now as bmw sauber f1 team despite using no bmw components .
F	hypersexuality , sleep disturbances , substance abuse , disturbed interpersonal relationships -rrb- , was a manifestation of the effects of childhood sexual abuse in the context of her already problematic relationships with her psychiatrically ill mother and subsequent caregivers .
M	he killed 225 soldiers and officers of the wehrmacht and other axis armies , including 11 enemy snipers .
F	she landed on her neck but was not badly injured .
M	he was the grandson of louis xv and younger brother of kings louis xvi and louis xviii .
F	in 2007 , she became the presenter of itv 's coverage of the british touring car championship .
M	in 1387 bishop adhã mar fabry granted the town its great charter , the basis of its communal self-government , which every bishop on his accession was expected to confirm .
F	this was when raneem el weleily won her second world junior championship .
M	in 1931 , at the age of 20 , botvinnik won his first soviet championship in moscow , scoring 13 â 1\/2 out of 17 .
M	however , he soon started to go to the cologne conservatory to study conducting with fritz steinbach .
F	her widely praised 1951 bestseller the sea around us won her financial security and recognition as a gifted writer .
M	he plays for manchester united and england national team .
M	john taverner -lrb- born about 1490 â `` died 18 october , 1545 -rrb- was the most important english composer of his time .
M	he plays for shonan bellmare .
M	he is called the `` father of the federation '' .
F	keyshia miesha cole -lrb- born october 15 , 1981 -rrb- is an african-american r&b singer-songwriter , and record producer known for her soulful voice .
F	monroe 's films of this period established her `` dumb blonde '' persona and added to her popularity .
M	he then seemingly falls through the ground and into a room below dressed in his slipknot mask and cover-alls .
F	she was the youngest person given an entry in the bca hall of fame .
M	he plays for danubio .
M	fermi won the nobel prize in physics in 1938 for his work on induced radioactivity .
F	she did not recover and died after several weeks of illness at the age of 22 on november 29 , 1835 .
F	she is the former wife of elvis presley -lrb- they divorced in 1973 -rrb- and the mother of lisa marie presley .
M	he has played with the band through its whole existence with a small break between 1982 and 1986 .
M	he was given the title of lso president for the rest of his life .
F	she presented the cooking show nigella bites on channel 4 from 2000 to 2001 .
M	he was 46 years old when he was elected .
F	her parents were called otto emile plath and aurelia schober plath .
M	he plays for milan .
M	he continued to live in trois-rivi ã res where he was a successful businessman and well-respected member of the community .
M	in method of fluxions -lrb- written 1671 , published 1736 -rrb- , sir isaac newton examined the transformations between polar coordinates , which he referred to as the `` seventh manner ; for spirals '' , and nine other coordinate systems .
M	he also became friends with slide guitarist robert nighthawk , which led to hooker playing slide guitar and some performances with nighthawk 's group outside of chicago .
M	his brother , benjamin zimmer , is a linguist .
F	she became hadley 's friend .
F	she later married the duke of teck .
M	he almost single-handedly worked out the nation 's early financial system , and for several years was a major presence in washington 's administration as well .
M	during the match , when triple h had held orton in a sleeper hold , cena picked up both orton and triple h for an fu , but triple h dropped down and low blowed him .
F	after she died , shah jahan went into mourning for a year .
F	she had intended to continue for a doctorate , but in 1934 carson was forced to leave johns hopkins to search for a full-time teaching position to help support her family .
F	when ingrid meets astrid again , she is shocked at how astrid has turned herself .
F	she was the only legitimate child of the poet lord byron and anne isabella milbanke .
M	after this , he can not bear to talk to hassan and pretends to his father that hassan stole his watch so that hassan will be sent away .
F	by this time , the players in ami 's alliance were her , julie , and leann , while twila and scout had formed a closer pairing , with eliza as an outsider among the women .
M	he plays for sagan tosu .
F	she was a key member of the ussr team that dominated the women 's olympiads of the 1980s .
M	since the mariner can breathe underwater , he `` breathes '' for both of them using a kiss .
F	she became the highest-paid black entertainer of her day .
M	yet despite this his influence on the new baroque style which eventually emerged from the ruins of mannerism , was profound .
F	producer mark burnett has said that two people said no when they were asked to return in the all-stars season of survivor â '' elisabeth filarski hasselbeck from the australian outback , who had just taken a job as a co-host of the view , and colleen haskell of the show 's first season , who `` had moved on with her life and just genuinely did n't want to go through that again . ''
M	before finishing high school , he entered the department of chemical engineering at seoul national university .
M	he was elected as conservative party leader in 1997 .
M	he did not like the discipline of the conservatory course of study , but he still got very good grades .
F	after sailing around cape horn she reached tahiti to see the 1769 transit of venus across the sun .
M	from 1920 he was able to continue studying again , and in 1923 received his master 's degree in classical philology and archeology .
F	her teachers were julio antonio vã squez and lorenzo domã nguez .
M	then he held several curacies in hampshire and wiltshire , including selbourne .
M	in 2001 he was awarded the british sports writers ' association pat besford trophy for outstanding achievement .
M	he plays for cerezo osaka .
M	in 1984 he left the red hot chili peppers to play in his other band `` what is this '' .
F	coincidentally , coe had met mccartney three years earlier when she was a contestant and prize winner on itv 's ready steady go !
M	outside academia , tobin became widely known for his suggestion of a tax on foreign exchange transactions , now known as the `` tobin tax '' .
M	in 2003 , he was added into the hockey hall of fame .
M	he kept playing with blues musicians in the chicago area for several more years .
F	ign reviewer tory ireland mell wrote that she would `` put it in the top ten films of all time '' .
M	the first role he took during this time was as a journalist in the thriller edison force , which was filmed in 2004 and received a direct-to-video release on july 18 , 2006 .
F	one granddaughter of hetepheres i was named hetepheres ii , and she was a daughter of khufu .
M	he is the leader of the london symphony orchestra .
M	his record in matches was equally impressive : at berlin in 1890 he drew a short play-off match against his brother berthold ; and won all his other matches from 1889 to 1893 , mostly against top-class opponents : curt von bardeleben 1889 ; jacques mieses 1889 ; henry edward bird 1890 ; berthold englisch 1890 ; joseph henry blackburne 1892 , without losing a game ; jackson showalter 1892 â `` 1893 ; and celso golmayo zã pide 1893 .
F	she recording with other musicians like the ink spots , louis jordan , and the delta rhythm boys .
F	she first sang in an opera in 1928 when she took the part of eurydice in a school production of gluck 's orfeo ed euridice in magdeburg , germany .
M	he has played for italy national team .
M	in 1946 , he wrote : `` i hold the view that the police organization is not a police force but a police service , which offers to the right individual not merely a job but all the advantages of a professional career .
F	she is also a catholic saint .
M	he also wrote about muscatine in his book life on the mississippi .
F	in 1729 she was married to the son of john v of portugal .
F	she is referred as grand madam lu .
M	by then , quebec was operating in the nhl and his rights were assigned to quebec but he did not return .
M	he plays for machida zelvia .
F	she was asked to come to los angeles to meet whedon , where she was cast for the role of kaylee frye , the ship 's engineer .
M	his blog is one of the 10 most viewed blogs .
M	furthermore , he considered vijaynagar to be `` the best provided city in the world '' with a population of not less than a half a million .
F	she went to norwich high school for girls and then studied music at the university of cambridge .
F	she 's only in her suit in the first two , but in the third , she can be in zero suit samus form , which comes from metroid : zero mission .
M	he also wrote frankly about his battles with cocaine addiction .
F	aida rushes to her father .
F	she also guest starred on murder she wrote .
F	however , many of the works in a key to uncle tom 's cabin was read by stowe after she published her novel .
M	he was an assistant coach at virginia tech from 1944 to 47 .
F	she began acting in the late 1990s , appearing in several television roles , including american gothic and once and again .
F	liljeberg now lives in stockholm with her boyfriend alexander skepp .
M	he was elected to the united states house of representatives in 1806 .
M	his two elder siblings were sent out to nazi germany for slave work in 1943 , and did not return until after the war .
M	a speedy transfer to the west end established him as a brilliant comic actor , squatting at a crowded dining table on a tiny chair and sublimely agonising over a choice between black or white coffee .
M	he was `` constantly creating imaginary worlds as a kid '' himself , and that the film reminded him of the place where he grew up .
F	tiffany dawn thornton -lrb- born february 14 , 1986 in college station , texas , u.s. -rrb- is an american actress , comedian and singer , best known for her co-starring role as tawni hart on the disney channel original series , sonny with a chance .
M	while a lot of what plato wrote about socrates is accepted by historians , some people believe that plato -lrb- who saw socrates as a hero -rrb- portrayed socrates as a much greater man than he actually was .
F	she was considered so beautiful that in the following years copies of the mask became a fashionable item in parisian bohemian society .
M	most of his most famous works were made in his last two years .
M	mandel also provided the voice of both bobby and his father howard generic , who looks like a cartoon version of mandel .
F	not only is she the only woman ever to have received this title , she is the only woman ever to have deserved it .
M	he plays for fiorentina .
F	she was a peasant girl born in the east of france .
F	she ran for the 5th congressional district seat being vacated by ernest istook .
F	her works address sociopolitical topics .
M	he promised to the rock that he had no intention of screwing him if he returned to the wwf but also ceded that he could not promise that he never would ; if it was good for business , he said , then he just might do it .
F	in 1966 , she was appointed associate justice of the california court of appeal .
M	michael sadly admits that smoke is right , and that he will try to return .
M	he was a child prodigy .
M	he has worked with big names such as bing crosby , louis armstrong , and elvis presley and has also worked with hawaiian musicians such as king bennie nawahi , sol hoâ opiâ i and andy iona .
F	womack has won a number of music awards for her music and singing .
F	in the shintoist tradition , yomi is known because izanami retreated to that place after her death .
F	she gradually gains more power , eventually seizing control of the school .
M	in 2006 , bayne raced for team rensi in the usar pro hooters cup , and he won the rookie of the year award at age of 15 .
F	she had just graduated from a private episcopal school for girls .
M	he had a large library , and both parents encouraged the children to read .
M	in the beginning of the book , maxwell `` max '' kane is a boy with low self-esteem or kinda like his father in the way that he is `` slow '' .
F	in august 2001 , chitose released her second mini-album with augusta records entitled kotonoha -lrb- ã ã ã ã , kotonoha -rrb- .
F	in 2002 she released her first major label single on epic records - `` wadatsumi no ki '' -lrb- ã ã ã ã ã æ , `` wadatsumi no ki '' -rrb- .
F	in the movie , the character portrayed by natalie portman says , `` lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off ... but it 's better if you do '' .
M	in the foreword , young starä eviä elaborated his linguistic ideas , pointing out that the mixture of all three croatian dialects -lrb- shtokavian , chakavian -rrb- and kajkavian -rrb- and the krajina dialect is called the croatian language , which starä eviä considers from the perspective of its six hundred years of history .
F	she argued that the public schools should offer social service programs for poor children and that these programs should be community centers .
M	he is a major figure in the early history of new york city .
F	she is most famous for playing scarlett o'hara in gone with the wind in 1939 , and blanche dubois in a streetcar named desire in 1951 .
F	guillaume apollinaire named her a `` searcher '' , and her color choices were admired by florent fels and andrã salmon .
F	she rushed back to camp and at the news louis made a remarkable recovery .
M	on july 30 , 2010 deadmau5 collapsed on stage 50 minutes into his set and doctors said he was suffering from exhaustion and vomiting .
M	after his health got better still , trenchard returned to the war in south africa .
M	with derby looking like they would be relegated miller said he would like to move just over 6 months after joining the club - with a return to rangers his preferred destination , though his manager jewell insisted any move would have to be financially fair for derby .
F	after graduating with a b.a in english in 1938 , she studied at the school of librarianship at the university of washington in seattle , where she earned a degree in librarianship in 1939 .
M	while he was there , he received a first-class degree in physics .
F	1969 -rrb- with italian actor franco nero , whom she married in 2006 .
F	in 1994 , she received the right livelihood award -lrb- also known as the alternative nobel prize -rrb- , '' ... for her commitment to justice , non-violence and understanding of minorities as well as her love and caring for nature . ''
F	-lrb- i -rrb- f you can believe this , i did meet with some companies that asked if i could just ` hurt ' leslie a little bitâ '' put her in a light coma and then bring her out '' .
F	when a woman experiences full orgasm , her uterus , vagina , anus , and pelvic muscles undergo a series of rhythmic contractions .
M	late in his reign he suppressed the bar kokhba revolt in judaea , renaming the province syria palaestina .
F	she danced the parts of lucile in the pantomime ballet det dubbla giftermã let by jean marcadet with margaretha christina hallongren , carl dahlã n , raimond and carlo caspare simone uttini the season of 1790-1719 , leonore in enleveringen by louis deland with honom , hallongren , uttini , luigi taglioni and ambrosiani and diana in diana och kã rleken by deland with j.f.
F	after exploring the underground areas of the planet and killing almost every metroid , she fights and kills the metroid queen .
M	after freud wrote his first book , he got married to martha bernays .
M	in 1966 he published les mots et les choses -lrb- the order of things -rrb- , which was very popular .
M	on june 19 , 2007 , benoit wrestled his last match .
F	from 1983 to 1990 she was a member of the bundestag for the greens .
M	besides that he produced more than 1,000 oil paintings that were not sold until after his death in 1908 .
M	he was often ill during his life , and he died of cancer on 20 february 1963 at the age of 48 in basel , switzerland .
M	he has played for toshiba .
M	paul larudee , a 64-year-old former language professor from el cerrito , california onboard the sfendoni , was beaten and tased according to his family by the us consul general and his lawyers ; his family has reported that israeli consular officials informed them that larudee , a pacifist , was beaten after not to follow the orders of troops .
M	the detailed private diary that he kept during 1660 â `` 1669 was first published in the nineteenth century , and is one of the most important primary sources for the english restoration period .
M	after his move to springs , new york , he began painting with his canvases laid out on the studio floor , and he developed what was later called his drip technique .
M	he was the first member in 1959 .
F	she is widely known as the original author of little house on the prairie series of books .
F	as watson has grown older , she has become more interested in fashion .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	on being asked by the judge what answer they could make to the charges laid against them , potts reports that they `` humbly fell upon their knees with weeping teares '' , and `` desired him -lrb- bromley -rrb- for gods cause to examine grace sowerbutts '' .
F	she also guest starred in disney channel original series ' jonas and played juliet van heusen on wizards of waverly place .
M	he is now a major shareholder , having , in february 2006 , bought â # 240,000 worth of the â # 250,000 worth of available shares in the club .
F	she was the first female outside eastern europe to win an olympic all around title .
F	her second 2005 album was baddi ` ayå -lrb- arabic : ø ø ù ø ù ø i want to live -rrb- .
M	at the urging of his mistress marcia , commodus had cleander beheaded and his son killed .
F	her job as a committee member was to help guest of honor robert a. heinlein .
F	at the age of eleven she wrote a song called `` freight train '' , which was later her signature song .
M	author michael wallis covers the history of the snow cap in his book , route 66 : the mother road .
F	the house had an ornamental lake where she would feed her pet swans , and where there is a statue of the ballerina by the scots sculptor george henry paulin .
M	then he studied with anton walter at the music academy in vienna .
F	for a time , she was known as pamela anderson lee after marrying the drummer for mã tley crã 1\/4 e , tommy lee .
M	later , he felt attracted to the group of artists known as the peredvizhniki .
F	claudius later divorced urgulanilla for adultery and on suspicion of murdering her sister-in-law apronia .
M	he began his education at boarding-school in jena , germany .
M	critics of his work have said such words are examples of racism , sexism , homophobia , and anti-semitism in his work .
F	aurelia plath was ten years younger than her husband .
F	her novel gambhiri ghara proved to be a bestseller in oriya literature .
F	at the time of her death , she had recorded around 1,200 songs , and sold 68 million records .
M	he challenges onegin to a duel which onegin has to accept to keep his honor .
M	he wrote one more work with brecht : the ballet the seven deadly sins .
F	in 1822 , at age 19 , she married baron casimir dudevant -lrb- 1795 â `` 1871 -rrb- , illegitimate son of jean-fran ã ois .
F	her first independent production was diamonds and guns , a romantic comedy about two friends who go to las vegas to find true love .
F	a year later , when she was 12 years old , she won the senior title at the south korean figure skating championships .
F	in 1981 she drew a tough match 8 â `` 8 against nana alexandria , in tbilisi , but kept the title as champion .
F	isolde seems to wake but , in a last aria describing her vision of tristan risen again -lrb- the â liebestodâ -rrb- , dies of grief .
F	she turned down offers by others to pay the fine for her .
M	he gave everybody their letters from home .
F	her sword is girded at her side , her helmet on her head , and round her feet are lying the dying and the dead .
M	some called raja or thakur -lrb- if the ruler were hindu -rrb- or nawab -lrb- if he was muslim -rrb- ; there was many other titles as well .
F	following the gestation period , a single rubbery-skinned egg between 13 and 17 millimetres in diameter is laid directly into a small , backward-facing pouch that has developed on her abdomen .
M	he has played for france national team .
M	michael comes to a fortune telling tent and asks the stall tender -lrb- who is daffy duck -rrb- to see his future for him .
M	he came up with one of the modern laws of plant cytology : `` new cell nuclei can only arise from the division of other nuclei '' , and originated the terms cytoplasm and nucleoplasm .
M	he served twice as prime minister of the united kingdom in the mid-19th century .
F	she lived on the island alone for 18 years before she was found and brought back to santa barbara .
M	it was not much used until v. gordon childe popularized it in his book the dawn of europe -lrb- 1947 -rrb- .
M	in his first tournament outside the ussr , the hastings international chess congress 1934 â `` 35 , botvinnik achieved only a tie for 5th-6th places , with 5\/9 .
M	after winning his fifth united states grand prix at indianapolis in , formula one driver michael schumacher holds the record for most victories with the forumula one version of the road course .
M	he was born in one of the poorest parts of peru , at the end of the nineteenth century .
F	her entry to the group ã o tchan !
M	pope john paul ii traveled more than any other pope before him , visiting many of the countries of the world .
M	he is known as one of the early fathers of anarchism .
F	she plans to raise kovu to overthrow simba and become the king of the pride lands .
M	he played in the ohl with the windsor spitfires .
F	her mother 's boyfriend at the time later played the cassette for jeff redd , a recording artist and a&r runner for uptown records .
F	she was a member of a choir during her schooltime and started playing the piano when she was 7 years old .
F	she was 29 years old .
M	more recently he serves as the director of research and chief compliance officer for the wedge medical center .
F	she was managing editor for a year and then became a featured writer .
M	in 1930 , he was elected to the national legislature , the reichstag .
F	instead of a lawsuit against the taxicab company , she sent the driver a box of expensive cigars .
F	she was the active chairman of the board of directors of the betty ford center , until 2005 , when she gave that position to her daughter , susan .
F	when reporters asked monroe if she felt guilty about gable 's death , she refused to answer .
F	only one of her songs hit the top 20 , which was in 1960 with , `` the one you slip around with '' , which hit no.
M	his published poetry shows great versatility , using anapestic and trochaic forms , blank verse , heroic couplets , ballads and sonnets .
M	matias lizana , a student from universitat politã cnica de catalunya is currently developing the eyeborg into a smaller chip as part of his final year project .
F	in the ceremony of 2004 , elton john accused madonna of cheating fans by miming on stage , after she had been nominated for a best live act award .
M	shortly before his death he finished a monograph on the australopithecines and remarked to his nephew : `` now that 's finished ... and so am i '' .
F	her recipes are still very famous .
M	with his brother bruce , stuart played in the first professional ice hockey league , the international professional hockey league .
M	the storyline follows hercules -lrb- ryan gosling -rrb- as he attends cheiron 's academy to train in the arts of the warrior under the wise headmaster cheiron the centaur -lrb- nathaniel lees -rrb- .
F	on august 18 , 1972 , when she was thirteen years old , balukas won the women 's side of the u.s. open straight pool championship .
F	her second songs was `` ana haifa '' -lrb- i am haifa -rrb- .
F	the song , however , was released on february 11 , two days prior to its original release , after revealing this on her twitter page on february 7 .
F	she moved to chicago anyway , knowing about the improvisational comedy group , the second city .
F	during feeding periods , the young either stays in the roost or remains attached to the mother at one of her two vestigial pubic nipples .
M	the story is about the hero belmonte , helped by his servant pedrillo , who tries to rescue his beloved konstanze from the seraglio -lrb- palace -rrb- of the pasha selim .
M	he gave a brief explanation of transrealism in his 1983 essay , the transrealist manifesto .
F	only a few people actually read her novels .
F	when talking about bell , graham said `` she looked at me and our eyes met and i felt that she was definitely the woman i wanted to marry . ''
F	before signing with wwe , she spent many years on the independent circuit , particularly in the frontier wrestling alliance , where she used the ring name nikita .
M	he had been arrested many times for not giving up his catholic faith .
M	ivan decides that dmitry has killed his father , until he visits smerdyakov again â `` and smerdyakov openly admits that he killed fyodor pavlovich .
M	he died on 10 january 2009 .
M	he also wrote a number of famous poems , including `` the lucy poems . ''
M	after darius died , his son xerxes i re-started the preparations for a second invasion of greece , which finally began in 480 bc .
M	after his abitur -lrb- secondary school exam -rrb- and his military service , he studied law in gieã en .
M	his teams won 8 games in a row over the bulldogs from 1946 -- 1954 .
F	on november 6 , 2008 , timberlake performed the song with madonna on the los angeles stop of her sticky & sweet tour .
F	badly rewarded for her fidelity to the democratic ideals of the revolution , she survived a year and a half in a prison cell .
F	she learned at the sorbonne , earning a degree in philosophy .
F	she leaves phoenix , arizona , to live with her father , charlie , in forks , washington .
F	wanda , the last woman was not picked for everyone thought she was the weakest , and they thought her singing was annoying .
F	alba starred in two national television commercials when she was a child .
M	his son dennis brain was to become the most famous french horn player of all .
F	she is a south korean singer , known for being a member of girl group kara , formed by dsp entertainment in 2007 .
M	he went on to host his own show on mtv , called the jon stewart show , and then hosted another show on mtv called you wrote it , you watch it . ''
M	he plays for numancia soria .
M	he was a warlord centred around guangxi province , commanding his own troops and governing guangxi -lrb- though part of the republic of china -rrb- .
F	she studies the origin of mankind in west africa .
F	she was a student at the theatrical school dramatens elevskola in stockholm between 1806 and 1809 , were she was instructed by the principal sofia lovisa grã ã .
M	he isolated the nerve growth factor and then discovered the epidermal growth factor .
F	over the next five years , she recorded with different labels like atlantic , capitol and reprise .
M	this time , however , he was also given a co-writer , pyotr pavlenko , to bring in a completed script .
M	he enrolled at the faculty of architecture-engineering , university of budapest , where he graduated in 1948 .
F	with regard to the character , robb said '' -lrb- leslie -rrb- 's one of those people who 's just always lit up , who has this glow about her , and no one can bring her down .
M	he lives in bad bederkesa in the district of cuxhaven .
M	at the moment , he plays for real betis balompiã .
M	he committed suicide , as did his lover , cleopatra vii of egypt , in 30 bc .
M	before the first world war , he lived for a time at dymock in gloucestershire .
M	he often painted on paper that was glued to a wooden panel .
F	headteacher dianne mckinnon who succeeded elizabeth devlin after she retired in july .
M	he claimed that he had been forced to sell the gold medal of honor in order to buy himself a bicycle .
M	he then spent two years in the french formula renault championship .
F	she had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills .
M	other manuscripts also name the author as ` robert or william langland ' , or ` wilhelmus w. ' -lrb- probably an abbreviation for ` william of wichwood ' , since wychwood is the village he probably came from -rrb- .
F	liljeberg 's mother was relatively young when she was born , and her parents divorced when she was one year old .
F	she hit the number 1 spot with `` day & night '' , but her success was n't to carry on .
M	jã 1\/4 rgen klinsmann -lrb- born 30 july 1964 in gã ppingen -rrb- is a german football player who started in stuttgart , a club in germany , when he was seventeen .
F	isabella was sent to school in heidelberg , germany , where she became a very good pianist .
F	she stands for success in work and achievements .
M	following the trade , he spent most of the next season with the ahl 's maine mariners , but that would be the last time he would play at the minor-league level .
M	freud originally thought childhood sexual abuse was a general explanation for the origin of neuroses , but he abandoned this so-called `` seduction theory '' .
F	then , in 1975 , she won second prize in the leeds piano competition .
M	the batter uses the bat to try to hit a pitched ball so that he may run around the bases and score points .
F	she co-wrote the `` sully and denise '' sketches with rachel dratch , who plays one of the teens .
M	carr brought a heavy metal style the band and gave him an air of renewal something needed at that time to band kiss .
M	he was conductor of other great orchestras including the new york philharmonic and the houston symphony , and also conducted orchestras including the london symphony orchestra , the london philharmonic orchestra , the berlin philharmonic , and the vienna philharmonic .
M	as they come near the pit of tartarus , lukeâ s shoes try to pull grover into it , but he manages to slip his hooves out of them .
F	she sang two songs on beat the retreat , a tribute to richard thompson .
M	after the war ended , he went to and graduated from the all-union correspondence polytechnic institute in moscow .
F	she left school age 16 and trained as a piano tuner .
M	he added a goal in four games at the 1993 memorial cup .
F	because she was a protector of canopic jars , serket was associated with aset -lrb- isis -rrb- , and nebet het -lrb- nephthys -rrb- and .
F	during world war i anastasia and her sister maria visited hurt soldiers at a hospital at tsarskoye selo .
M	the story was based on his real life best friend , lisa hill .
M	his concentration on landscape subjects was the most consistent of any of the impressionists .
F	after several minutes of running , katara freezes azula and chains her to the ground .
F	after a few small roles , she had her first part in a broadway play in 1990 .
M	in 1919 , he was part of the montreal canadiens team that made it to the stanley cup finals .
F	survivor : pearl islands winner sandra diaz-twine also says that she said no , saying that she was still recovering from parasites that she got at pearl islands .
M	he started out in the va as deputy secretary , serving from february 4 , 1993 until august 10 , 2000 .
M	15 years later , he and his siblings return to england , where they all appear as children again .
F	she has won a bafta .
M	in his book kitab-ul-hind , the persian scholar abå `` rayhä n bä `` rå `` nä `` -lrb- al-beruni -rrb- declared that even before the advent of islam into sindh -lrb- 711 a.d. -rrb- , the sindhi language was prevalent in sindh .
M	lincoln did not have a very close relationship with his father .
F	after she divorced cassidy she married marty ingels on november 13 , 1977 .
M	cormier became a full-time writer after his first novel for teenagers , the chocolate war , became successful .
M	cavalli became so famous that he was invited to paris in 1660 where he performed his opera xerxes .
M	instead , they had him working on storyboards -lrb- which he had not done before -rrb- and as quickly as he was hired , he was fired .
M	his most popular work , however , is the carnival of the animals .
F	when she was told the biblical story of joseph , she felt sorry for the older brothers instead of joseph .
M	to make the linux kernel suitable for use with the code from the gnu project , linus torvalds started a switch from his original license -lrb- which did not allow people to sell it -rrb- to the gnu gpl .
M	he was the current shadow justice secretary , and is currently minister of state for police\/justice , with his time split between the home office and the ministry of justice .
F	on april 24 , 2002 , to honor her contribution to road safety , the state of california named the stretch of interstate 10 near indio east of the indio boulevard\/jefferson street exit as `` the doctor june mccarroll memorial freeway . ''
M	diogenes also tells us that heraclitus deposited his book as a dedication in the great temple of artemis , the artemisium , one of the largest temples of the 6th century bce and one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
F	she is daughter of carlos oreiro poggio and the painter mabel iglesias bouriã .
M	husserl , after his platonic turn , pointed out that the failure of anti-psychologists to defeat psychologism is a result of being unable to distinguish between the theoretical side of logic -lrb- which tells us what is - descriptive -rrb- , and the normative side -lrb- which tells us how we ought to think - prescriptive -rrb- .
M	he is often thought to be one of rome 's greatest orators and prose stylists .
F	31 seed , where she lost to no.
F	her novel , the handmaid 's tale was the first winner of the arthur c. clarke award in 1987 .
F	she is the member of parliament for the normanton , pontefract and castleford constituency in the united kingdom .
F	polanski married her in 1968 .
M	but fricka says to wotan that he is wrong : siegmund can not be a free hero if he is being protected by wotan .
F	in 1961 , all volumes of her autobiography were compiled into the autobiography of eleanor roosevelt .
M	the first original song he wrote with chris waters was titled `` sing , dance , clap your hands '' .
F	she has a brother , who is eight years older , named peter .
M	he has translated the bhagavad gita into english in 1988 from the sanskrit text .
M	he is the brother of jon hippe .
F	although she was a high soprano , she performed , and recorded , both the trousers roles of the composer in strauss 's ariadne auf naxos and octavian in der rosenkavalier .
F	she died in her sleep at her home in carry-le-rouet , bouches-du-rh ã ne on april 21 , 2003 .
F	she rose to prominence in the late 1960s as the lead singer of big brother and the holding company , and later as a solo artist .
F	o'connor had her first acting role at age eight as a caterpillar during a theater on wheels production .
F	she is the leader of the group .
M	mackie academy now serves over 1000 pupils and they study his work .
F	simone said she would not to play until her parents were moved back to the front .
M	his central work , the commedia -lrb- divine comedy -rrb- , is considered the greatest literary work composed in the italian language and a masterpiece of world literature .
F	she was born in brussels , belgium , the daughter of a family that made lingerie .
M	he was murdered during the night of the long knives , in 1934 .
M	his family was active in culture and politics in czechoslovakia from the 1920s to the 1940s .
F	she died the day after her 97th birthday .
F	two other admirers , the acrobat and the schoolboy , also enter , and all begin to talk to lulu when she returns .
M	he is a member of the thrash metal band metallica .
F	with her cousin alex , and teaching asl to other children .
M	he played bj hunnicutt on the tv show , m \* a \* s \* h. in recent years he has become an activist for various causes , like animal rights and world peace .
M	he cared for about 10,000 orphans in his life .
F	she graduated from the university of melbourne with bachelor of arts and bachelor of laws degrees in 1986 .
M	beethoven was the first composer to use metronome markings , but he often gave very fast speed indications , and some people wonder whether he made mistakes or whether his metronome worked properly .
F	she is famous for playing the voices of bart simpson , nelson muntz , todd flanders and ralph wiggum on the animated television show the simpsons .
M	he threatened to throw stone cold into a river if he did not get a title shot .
M	he has said that a simple moment of silence at the start of each school day is a good idea .
F	rachel sarah bilson -lrb- born august 25 , 1981 -rrb- is an american actress , perhaps best known for her role as summer roberts in the american television series the o.c.
F	she built hers in a complex at deir el-bahri .
F	in first-season episodes life on the fast lane and some enchanted evening , marge is said to be 34 years old , but her age was later changed to 38 , possibly because she and homer attended their twentieth anniversary high-school reunion in one episode .
M	he wrote and starred in the comedy film rhinestone -lrb- 1984 -rrb- where he played a wannabe country music singer and the drama film over the top -lrb- 1987 -rrb- where he played a truck driver who enters an arm wrestling competition to impress his estranged son .
F	she loves being in signing time !
F	in 1945 , she received the nobel prize in literature .
M	he finishing 4th in their first race at richmond international raceway .
F	amandine aurore lucile dupin , later baroness -lrb- french : baronne -rrb- dudevant -lrb- july 1 , 1804 -- june 8 , 1876 -rrb- , best known by her pseudonym george sand -lrb- ê ' é '' ê ê ' sé ` ì d -rrb- , was a french novelist and feminist .
F	schwarzkopf died in her sleep during the night of 2 â `` 3 august 2006 at her home in the village of schruns , in vorarlberg , western austria , aged 90 .
M	he is best known as the drummer and co-composer for the hardcore punk band , rise against .
M	he then married his colleague meave epps in 1970 and they had two daughters , louise -lrb- born 1972 -rrb- and samira -lrb- 1974 -rrb- .
M	his work on the nude beaches in france and california has been the subject of disputes .
M	paul of tarsus in galatians 2:9 -lrb- kjv -rrb- characterized james as such : '' ... james , cephas , and john , who seemed to be pillars ... '' he is described in the new testament as a `` brother of jesus '' and in the liturgy of st james as `` the brother of god '' -lrb- adelphotheos -rrb-
F	bella 's parents divorced when bella was six months old , and renã e took bella with her when she moved to phoenix , arizona .
F	in this she was much like bradley before her .
F	o'connor is currently in pre-production -lrb- 2008 -rrb- on her second roc pictures llc film which she wrote , will produce and direct .
M	in temples to sobek , live crocodiles were kept in pools to honor him .
F	van der sloot related that they drove holloway to the california lighthouse area of arashi beach because holloway wanted to see sharks , before dropping holloway off at her hotel around 2:00 a.m. .
M	jesus carried his cross a place of the skull , or `` golgotha '' in hebrew .
M	at this university he became an assistant professor from 1928 to 1935 .
M	it was made in 1824 by stephen van rensselaer because he wanted there to be schools that taught science and engineering .
M	first elected at the 1951 general election as a fianna fã il td for county clare , he remained in dã il ã ireann until 1973 .
M	he played for the montreal canadiens in their first two seasons in the national hockey league from 1917-1919 .
F	her mother rit -lrb- whose father might have been a white man -rrb- was a cook .
F	as the daughter of the duke of albany , she was , therefore , styled her royal highness princess alice of albany .
M	he died on february 28 , 1975 in livonia , michigan .
F	two weeks later whedon called her to tell her she had the part .
M	benjamin britten wrote much of his vocal music and main operatic roles for his friend peter pears .
M	however , the king came into conflict with the papacy when he wished to annul his marriage with catherine of aragon , for which he needed papal sanction .
M	the next time he is seen is through the mist of the hearth on mount olympus .
F	she 's a fashion company owner for baby phat , a model , and a mother of three .
F	she began to lose feeling in her fingers , as well as in other parts of her body .
F	erica is made the manager at the job site , but gia persistently excoriates her when erica appears to supervise , including after erica takes the boss ' advice to try a positive reinforcement , and when the boss tries to intervene , gia quits .
M	boris johnson and his family currently live in holloway , north london .
M	he has played for peru national team .
F	she is buried in saint mary 's cemetery at paddington green .
M	in january 1900 he was raised to the peerage as baron avebury , his title commemorating the largest neolithic site in europe .
F	however , grandma gallagher decides to help mary do her act in the talent show , as long as she performs for herself .
M	darwin set his work out in four parts : there were the barnacles on stalks -lrb- pedunculated -rrb- , and those that sat on hard substrate -lrb- the sessile barnacles -rrb- .
F	a young partisan during world war ii , she had a long and successful journalistic career .
M	mansell got ahead on lap 36 and prost followed him through six laps later .
M	a man arrives at the stable looking for hercules , he tells him that he must help his village and that a monster has taken his brother .
M	eisenstein toured the american south , on his way to new york .
F	the males will fight over her , and the victor wins the right to mate .
F	hercules stops hippolyta and realizes that she is possessed by hera .
F	she made her debut as writer and co-star of the 2004 teen comedy mean girls .
F	while this practice made dancing en pointe easier for her , it was regarded by her peers as ` cheating ' .
M	the spiral galaxy as a type was first described by edwin hubble in his 1936 work the realm of the nebulae .
M	he performed the theremin with the new york philharmonic in 1928 .
F	in julie and julia , she played the role of dorothy mcwilliams , julia child 's sister .
M	carter sent an envoy from his official residence in bathurst with a message that if the abuses continued , `` he might expect a visit of a disciplinary nature from the marine forces of the queen of england . ''
M	throughout his life he never used any other pocket calculating devices ; slide rules served him perfectly well for making quick estimates of rocket design parameters and other figures .
F	she had a mixed christian and jewish upbringing .
F	she is the first woman to ever have that position .
F	in time of storm it awaits the stroke of the axe which is ` the thunderclap ' ... ` to be wrecked on the casquets is to be cut into ribbons ; to strike on the ortac is to be crushed into powder ... on a straight frontage , such of that of the ortac , neither the wave nor the cannon ball can ricochet ... if the wave carries the vessel on the rock she breaks on it , and is lost ...
M	his favorite food is shrimp with shell pasta and his favorite color is green .
F	from october to december 2008 , she was part of the cast of mbc reality show family needed , where a group of celebrities would live life as a family , consisting of a father , mother , son and daughter .
M	in 1974 , he was made assistant conductor of the bournemouth symphony orchestra , and in 1977 assistant conductor of the royal liverpool philharmonic .
M	in this he was highly influenced by the ancient rhetoric school of the ming period .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from 1853 to 1857 .
M	as a young prince , he surrounded himself with intellectuals and stayed far from public life .
F	she also held a 13-month , 51-match winning streak , from march 2006 until april 2007 .
M	sir eyre was removed from the service on the 21 may 1816 because of the scandal he caused in the christ 's hospital school for boys .
F	her fatherâ s name was peter yorke .
M	lech walesa -lrb- polish : lech waå ä sa -lrb- pronounced -lrb- lé x vaë wé ì sa -rrb- -rrb- -lrb- born september 29 , 1943 -rrb- was a polish shipyard worker and a politician who used to be the leader of solidarity and the president of poland , he won the nobel peace prize in 1983 .
F	once leslie 's parents finish writing their book , she and jess help paint their house .
F	she spent much of her childhood in foster homes .
M	he has played for brazil national team .
F	besides her persuasive ability , she also reads and writes - rare skills for that time , loves to tell stories , and has some musical ability .
M	he began his coaching career at vanderbilt university , where he coached special teams , tight ends and h-backs for the commodores from 1995 -- 96 .
M	he discovered them while studying medicine in the university of pavia , italy .
M	he was a production designer for hanna-barbera productions and the artist\/character designer of scooby-doo .
F	some of her most famous pieces include `` voices '' -lrb- macross plus -rrb- , `` tank ! ''
F	she helped in the making of the blagoveschenskaya church there in 1724 , and changed the name of the place to blagoveschenskoye .
F	she starred in numerous hollywood films in the 1980s , notably splash .
F	monroe stopped working with her drama coach , natasha lytess , and replaced her with paula strasberg .
M	in the 2003\/2004 season , he won the bronze medal at the junior grand prix final .
F	kagome gets the arrow out of inuyasha when a centipede yokai\/demon attacked her to get the jewel .
F	she produced gladys knight and the pips , mcfadden and whitehead and john lennon 's band elephants memory .
F	she lived with her family in the chã cents teau de saint-germain-en-laye , which louis xiv of france had given her .
F	she had three sisters : elaheh -lrb- 21-year old -rrb- , ghazale -lrb- 19 -rrb- and sheida -lrb- 8 -rrb- .
M	his parents were patrick and sarah heaney , and seamus was the first of nine children .
F	another famous show she is on right now is paris hilton 's my new bff .
F	she did receive a photoshoot for an issue of wwe magazine .
M	robinson also has an asteroid named after him , 4319 jackierobinson .
M	a sailor from connecticut was rescued to the southeast of halifax by a canadian helicopter , because his ship capsized in the strong waves .
F	she thanked new zealand for its help .
F	she became the ussr girls ' champion in 1976 and a year later she won the soviet women 's title .
M	jericho is also known for his appearances with world championship wrestling -lrb- wcw -rrb- and extreme championship wrestling -lrb- ecw -rrb- and internationally in canadian , mexican and japanese promotions .
M	king george v and his wife , queen mary , lived in the house after their marriage in 1893 .
F	when jolene became pregnant with jack , she , in desperate need of money , had her embryo surgically removed and sold it to the highest bidder .
F	she runs back , but when she gets there she sees the killer is gone .
M	during his twenty-five years as alabama 's head coach , his teams won six national championships and thirteen conference championships .
F	she could then put them back in again afterwards .
M	many people thinl that the first verse was written about the death of tara browne , the 21-year-old heir to the guinness fortune and close friend of lennon and mccartney , who had crashed his lotus elan on 18 december 1966 when a volkswagen pulled out of a side street into his path in redcliffe gardens , earls court .
M	miller made his second debut for the club on 30 july 2008 in a uefa champions league qualifier gainst fbk kaunas .
F	harrell met with blige and , in 1989 , she joined the label , becoming the company 's youngest and first female artist .
M	during his post-election appearance , griffin attributed the bnp 's electoral successes to a fear of `` creeping process of islamification '' .
F	her third album back to basics -lrb- 2006 -rrb- mixed parts of soul , jazz and blues music .
F	also , she was in a few music videos , for example `` it girl '' by john oates and `` just lose it '' by eminem .
M	finlay pulled him off , only to slam him back down onto burchill again .
F	she has starred in the television movies , another cinderella story and princess protection program .
F	her death came a little more than a year after they had adopted a daughter , dorothy .
M	he went to skagway , alaska with his father , and then to a military school in france in 1900 .
M	epperson left a mixture of powdered soda and water and a stirring stick in a cup on his porch .
F	she is the winner of the first cycle -lrb- season -rrb- of germanyâ s next topmodel by heidi klum .
M	in february 2010 , di resta was made a director of his family 's leisure firm , which owns several establishments in west lothian .
F	in her semifinal she received 25.000 votes , about 10.000 more votes then any of the other winners of the semifinals .
M	he won the 1968 nobel prize in physiology or medicine , along with robert w. holley and h. gobind khorana , for work on the genetic code and protein synthesis
M	he plays for ehime .
F	anne 's father said that if this happened , anne must return to spain with her dowry , jewels , and wardrobe .
M	smerdyakov also says that he was able to do this because of ivanâ s ideas that â everything was allowed .
M	during his professional career , young won 30 or more games in a season five times , with ten other seasons of 20 + wins .
F	the alternate setting is a secret `` fantasy world '' that ofelia enters through an overgrown labyrinth garden , where she meets all manner of strange and magical creatures who become central to her story .
M	in fact , later in 1958 , the same year he won the national pocket billiards championship against lassiter , he roundly defeated mosconi in a two-day exhibition match in his home town of albuquerque , with a final score of 500 to 397 .
M	nicholas yonge -lrb- born about 1560 ; buried october 23 , 1619 -rrb- was an english singer and publisher -lrb- his name is an old spelling of the word `` young '' and pronounced the same way -rrb- .
F	in 1892 , she was given the medal illis quorum by the king .
M	he is professor of clinical microbiology at the university of western australia .
F	she also spent a lot of time exploring around her 65 a farm .
F	gerrard received a golden globe award and an academy award nomination for the score for the 2000 film gladiator on which she teamed up with hans zimmer .
M	whereas costello thinks the parliament would be a forum in which he can strengthen his power , quoting from famous speeches by winston churchill and abraham lincoln , the other members ruin the idea because they have no discipline and feel indifferent .
F	she began making wresting on television for ovw on january 29 , 2004 .
F	she has supported amici and russell watson with 2 sold-out tours in tokyo .
F	in 2008 , hamasaki revealed that she had become deaf in her left ear .
M	murphy has played multiple roles in coming to america , wes craven 's vampire in brooklyn , the nutty professor films -lrb- where he played the title role in two incarnations , plus his father , brother , mother and grandmother -rrb- , bowfinger and 2007 's norbit .
F	christian won the match after trish stratus hit jericho on the face with her elbow .
M	a new student his age named leslie burke -lrb- annasophia robb -rrb- comes to the school .
F	spacek is known primarily as a dramatic actress , though she has had some comedies .
F	she was buried beside her husband in the basilica of superga , great mausoleum , savoy crypt , turin , piedmont , italy .
F	her personal relationship with singer marilyn manson received media coverage .
M	in 1999 , 88 years after his final major league appearance and 44 years after his death , editors at the sporting news ranked cy young 14th on their list of `` baseball 's 100 greatest players '' .
F	at 11 , she became a child model , and at 15 she became a television actress .
F	she also remarks that fruit and nuts -lrb- iã unn having been described as changing into a nut in skã ldskaparmã l -rrb- have been discovered in the early graves of the germanic peoples in england .
M	vonnegut fell down at his home in manhattan and injured his brain .
M	safique , who is not a muslim by temperament , and as a historian , thinks the pakistan of today has separated itself from its roots and looks towards arabian legends for his history .
F	her 1998 book , today i feel silly , and other moods that make my day , made the best-seller list in the new york times .
F	the next morning , her friend and neighbor , kelsey hooper -lrb- porsha lawrence mavour -rrb- invites her to go to the bubble shock open day .
M	he is known for his ascension to the nhl from being an undrafted player in the echl .
M	as world war i began , frost returned to america in 1915 and bought a farm in new hampshire , where he started a career of writing , teaching , and lecturing .
M	he wrote several best-selling novels including lost horizon and goodbye mr. chips .
F	she received a d. litt .
M	some of his descendants were william ellery channing , richard henry dana , edie sedgwick and actress kyra sedgwick and jadriene m. ellery .
M	as an investigator of the human mind , he founded psychometrics -lrb- the science of measuring mental faculties -rrb- and differential psychology .
F	she , tina wesson , colby donaldson , jerri manthey , alicia calaway and amber brkich were asked to return in survivor : all-stars .
M	he became the chief conductor and artistic director of the mariinsky in 1988 , and overall director of the company , appointed by the russian government , in 1996 .
M	he finished last in the 1988 us championship , but continued to play there and had some good results .
F	the melodrama was poorly reviewed , although monroe commented that it contained some of her strongest dramatic acting .
F	in the 1974 u.s. open held at the sheraton hotel in chicago , balukas defended her title , again beating out harada , but by a much closer score : 100-99 .
M	in 1932 heisenberg won the nobel prize for physics , for his work in quantum mechanics .
F	her sister is kylie minogue .
F	elizabeth and philip were staying at `` sagana lodge '' in kenya when she was told of her father 's death and that now she was queen .
F	her name was zarrã n tã j baraghã ni , and she was a poet .
F	she originally studied english , but switched her major to biology in january 1928 , though she continued contributing to the school 's student newspaper and literary supplement .
M	in the reign of william iv he got an appointment at caen by the influence of lord alvanley and the marquess of worcester .
F	isabella swan , who is seventeen years old , moves to forks , a small town in washington , to live with her father , charlie , after her mother remarries .
F	her swan-song `` kawa no nagare no yå ni '' is often performed by artists and orchestras in her honor .
M	he made his company , armani , in 1974 , and in 2001 was said to be the most successful designer to come from italy , with a yearly turnover of $ 1.691 billion , and having $ 4.1 billion .
F	she also said that uncle tom 's cabin shows a `` critique of american society far more devastating than any delivered -lrb- gvien -rrb- by better-known critics such as hawthorne and melville . ''
M	shortly after , he returned to acting , playing greg , in is harry on the boat ?
M	frederick protected luther , and did not send him to rome for trial .
M	he is buried with both of his wives at mount auburn cemetery in cambridge , massachusetts .
M	while this curve had already been named by other mathematicians , the name `` miraculous '' or `` marvelous '' spiral was given to this curve by jakob bernoulli , because he was fascinated by one of its unique mathematical properties : the size of the spiral increases , but the shape stays the same with each added curve .
F	leah coleman is the person that made her mother want to make signing time !
F	when she won this medal , she had made 177.54 points .
M	riker soon becomes very comfortable on the enterprise , many times refusing offers of his own command .
F	margaret mary reported feeling `` dreadful confusion '' over the book 's contents , but resolved to make the best of it , approving of the book for the spreading of her cherished devotion .
F	she is most known for playing sarah reeves in the fox television series party of five from -lrb- 1995-1999 -rrb- , and as julie james in the i know what you did last summer films .
F	in 1889 the pizza margherita was named after her .
F	anne josephine robinson -lrb- born 26 september 1944 -rrb- is an english television presenter and television game show hostess who is most famous for hosting the bbc game show , the weakest link which earned her the nickname `` queen of mean '' .
M	here his first two operas , almira and nero , were produced early in 1705 .
M	his cabinet did not agree .
F	she took acting lessons while living in london .
F	the core of the white rose comprised five students : sophie scholl , her brother hans scholl , alex schmorell , willi graf , and christoph probst .
F	bruton and ahern both tried to get her the united nations high commissioner for human rights .
M	mccoy goes by the stage name of `` martin luther '' in his music career .
M	he was usually at his best when writing shorter pieces , such as the collection of piano pieces called lyric pieces .
F	in early 1948 , she made the surprising discovery that two genetic loci , dissociator and activator could transpose , or change position , on the chromosome .
M	after 40 years as a concert artist he retired in 2001 to victoria , british columbia , where he lives with his dog shin-ju .
M	he also showed that the continuum hypothesis can not be disproved from the accepted axioms of set theory , if those axioms are consistent .
F	the four victorious powers hoped to exclude the french from participation in the negotiations , but talleyrand managed to get into `` her inner councils '' in the first weeks of negotiations .
M	following the lay off his form was poor , and he failed to defend his victory at the 2010 milan â `` san remo .
F	she is the daughter of frank sinatra .
M	he plays for dalian shide and korea republic national team .
M	it charts the adventures of the fourteen-year-old demigod percy jackson as he and his friends go on a dangerous quest to rescue his friend annabeth and the greek goddess artemis , who have both been kidnapped .
F	illness prevented her from working for the remainder of the year .
M	wilmington served as the head of government from 1742 until his death in 1743 , but was a leader in name only .
M	he went to harbor light christian school as well as the interlochen arts academy .
M	he is a canadian football league defensive end who last played for the winnipeg blue bombers of the cfl .
F	her mother died in 1759 when bathilde was just eight years old .
F	in seventh grade , one of her teachers overheard her singing in a hallway and asked her to audition for the school choir .
F	she had a contralto -lrb- alto -rrb- vocal range .
F	she sang the part of arabella for the first time at the bavarian state opera house in munich in 1951 .
M	according to chess rules , once a player has released a piece s\/he can not make a different move , so kasparov should have been made to play his original move .
F	she appeared in scudda hoo !
F	she was the favorite sister of la grande mademoiselle .
F	this trip to majorca was described by her in un hiver ã majorque -lrb- a winter in majorca -rrb- , published in 1855 .
M	in the reading , cayce said his voice loss was because of psychological paralysis and that could be fixed by increasing the blood flow to the voice box .
M	as a nineteen-year-old , he made the team straight out of training camp .
M	franz ferdinand karl ludwig josef of austria , archduke franz ferdinand of austria-este -lrb- franz ferdinand karl ludwig josef ; -rrb- -lrb- december 18 , 1863 â `` june 28 , 1914 -rrb- was an archduke of austria and , from 1896 until his death , heir presumptive to the austro-hungarian emperor .
M	he went home to his meal .
F	at the end of the season she won two gold medals at the 2007 world single distance speed skating championships in salt lake city on 3,000 m and 5,000 m tracks .
M	bob orton , randy 's father and ringside manager , interfered and attacked undertaker with his arm cast resulting in randy orton gaining control of the match .
F	she -lrb- along with the rest of the bounty hunters -rrb- is fitted with a phazon enhancement device -lrb- ped -rrb- which allows her to use the phazon within her .
M	from pittsburgh he went to princeton university where he worked on his equilibrium theory .
M	he plays for giravanz kitakyushu .
F	from 1890 on , she lived in paris and moved in an artistic circle with painters of the `` ile de la grande jatte '' in montmartre .
M	outside spain his novelas espaã olas contemporã neas are more popular .
F	she stayed with them until she died in january 1942 .
M	wessel 's main thing he wanted to show in the paper was not this , but he felt that the concept of numbers , with length and direction would be needed .
M	will graham , the agent who caught lecter , is at first very offended by lecter 's demeanor , but comes to appreciate his help when lecter gives him insight into the way dolarhyde 's mind works .
F	r&b singer amerie is another famous afro-asian american , with her father being black and her mother korean .
F	her family had grocery store chain and weingarten realty investors wri .
M	a vice president is someone who helps the president conduct his duties .
F	as minister for education , gillard went to washington , dc , where she signed a deal with the us secretary of education , arne duncan , to enourage improved policy collaboration in education reform between both countries .
F	she is best known for playing alex russo on the disney channel series , wizards of waverly place .
F	agamemnon is forced to give her back , but also takes away briseis from her owner achilles .
F	she got a degree in business administration and textile engineering -lrb- fashion business management -rrb- from the private academy fachakademie fã 1\/4 r textil & schuhe in nagold , and has worked during her schooling for several textile companies .
M	in october 2009 , he became china 's 30th grandmaster .
F	she is best known for her role as ruthie camden on the cw 's 7th heaven .
M	he later told his friend frederick william iii that the marriage , a political match devised by his grandmother , catherine the great , regrettably proved to be a misfortune for him and his wife .
F	on the way back she is kidnapped by an outlaw and brought to the camp of `` the painted man '' in order to try to save the life of their smith who was hurt in an accident .
F	she continued to investigate the problem and identified a new element that she called suppressor-mutator -lrb- spm -rrb- , which , although similar to ac\/ds , displays more complex behavior .
F	as a very promising young actress , she came to hollywood in 1950 , where she appeared in such films as the robe -lrb- 1953 -rrb- , young bess -lrb- 1953 -rrb- , dã sirã e -lrb- 1954 -rrb- , the egyptian -lrb- 1954 -rrb- , the big country -lrb- 1958 -rrb- , spartacus -lrb- 1960 -rrb- , elmer gantry -lrb- 1960 -rrb- , life at the top -lrb- 1965 -rrb- , a rough night in jericho -lrb- 1967 -rrb- , etc.
M	at age 62 , mosconi was well past his best playing years .
F	she is a directing member of the literary society st. pã lten -lrb- literarische gesellschaft -rrb- and writes also for its literary magazine etcetera .
M	knight often restored extinct mammals , birds and marine reptiles in action poses , but his depictions of large dinosaurs as ponderous swamp-dwellers destined for extinction reflected more traditional concepts .
M	younger son of julius henry and his third wife .
M	his name came from his father -lrb- juan de borbã n -rrb- , his grandfather -lrb- alfonso xiii -rrb- and his mother 's father 's name -lrb- prince charles of bourbon-two sicilies -rrb- .
M	in 1991 he was made a member of the order of canada .
F	the name is a combination of her stage name from when she was a dancer and her middle name .
F	she then opened the front door to let the others in , and they stole a number of photographs .
F	`` it is regrettable , therefore , that she did not actually earn the title in the regular way : fide requires that to earn the grandmaster title a player must achieve certain minimum scores in tournaments consisting of at least twenty-four games in aggregate -lrb- the description is highly oversimplified , but you get the idea -rrb- , and nona was two or three games short .
F	electra , is worried that ilia , a trojan , soon will be queen of crete , feels the furies of hades tormenting her .
F	eddie met her at an aviation function .
F	ten years after , she released her second album `` bir hadise var '' in december 1991 .
F	she is best known for her role as inara serra in the sci-fi television series firefly and the movie serenity .
M	haå ek is considered an unorthodox goaltender , with a special style that has labeled him a `` flopper . ''
F	the first song she learned was `` god be with you , till we meet again '' and she played at her local church .
M	when the bell rang to start the rematch the rock hit the rock bottom on john cena to let the miz pin john cena to retain his championship .
M	he was one of the earliest chess players to take the endgame into account when choosing and playing the opening .
F	she got the questions in advance .
F	many performances for this song were shown on korean tv , unusual for younha as her last appearance on tv was with her single touch .
F	there are many feast days which honor the virgin mary , such as the nativity of the blessed virgin on 8 september which remembers her birth .
F	set in rhode island , it tells the story of a 13-year-old girl named anna fitzgerald , a `` designer baby '' , who sues her parents so that they can no longer legally control her medical decisions once she learns expected to donate a kidney to her older sister kate , who is dying from leukemia , cancer of the blood and bone marrow .
F	her parents were elliott roosevelt i and anna hall roosevelt .
M	cassius 's first office was as quaestor under marcus licinius crassus in 53 bc , and he proved a good military leader .
F	one year later her friends , who were successful in raising 60 000 people on facebook groups , from many european nations , launched a request for the second consecutive year in order to obtain some answers .
F	but in roman catholic and orthodox usage , the term `` virgin birth '' means not only that mary was a virgin when she conceived , but also that she gave birth as a virgin -lrb- remaining a virgo intacta -rrb- .
M	he was a very active member of the international comedysportz troupe -lrb- a comic improvisation team that participates in games as seen on whose line is it anyway ?
F	in 2007 , she was included in peoples 100 most beautiful issue .
F	because dutch law was changed in 1983 to include `` oldest daughters of the king '' , catharina-amalia , the next princess of orange may become the first dutch princess of orange in her own right once her father , prince willem-alexander , becomes king of the netherlands .
M	he was one of the signatories of the 1950 unesco statement the race question .
F	she made notable appearances on american television -lrb- hallmark hall of fame , nbc -rrb- in george bernard shaw 's classic plays ; saint joan in 1967 , and caesar and cleopatra in 1976 , the later opposite sir alec guinness , as well as in jean anouilh 's antigone in 1974 -lrb- great performances , pbs -rrb- .
M	taylor commented : `` i enjoy playing -lrb- ash -rrb- now much more than i did in the very beginning because i can have fun with him more , and we kind of know him and can work out how he really would react .
M	he discovered that ants were sensitive to the ultraviolet range of the spectrum .
M	from 1994 to 2001 he was henry purcell professor of composition at king 's college london .
M	shines played more in the u.s. south until 1941 when he decided to go back to canada and then to africa .
M	taylor walks around jones and inspects his mask and is seen touching the nails protruding from it .
M	he was drafted by the st. louis rams with the first overall pick in the 2010 national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- draft .
F	it became her last completed film , the misfits , directed by john huston and costarring clark gable , montgomery clift , eli wallach and thelma ritter .
M	after vã zina 's death , it was reported that he had twenty-two children .
M	he left samson in 1981 .
M	on november 2 1921 , dandurand and his partners , joseph cattarinich and louis letourneau , purchased the montreal canadiens hockey club from the widow of george kennedy for $ 11,000 .
F	she said the gorgoneion is a typical european image .
M	he held the official fide world title until 1993 , when a argument with fide led him to set up a rival company , the professional chess association .
M	though best known for his works in math , including the creation of pascal 's triangle , which is named after him , and developments in the field of probability , pascal was also a scientist .
F	her directions for hollandaise seem somewhat fearless :
F	the main inspiration of the song was gaga 's fear of not being able to enjoy herself because of her career , hence the lyrics show the singer as wanting the dance floor , rather than answering her lover 's phone calls .
F	at the age of seven she started playing her older brothers banjo .
F	in that image , mary too was shown pointing to her immaculate heart , expressing her love for the human race and for her son , jesus christ .
M	at tennessee , he has winning streaks of 33 , 28 , 23 , 19 , and 14 games .
F	she was particularly admired in operas like verdi 's la forza del destino , aida , otello , puccini 's manon lescaut , la bohã me , tosca , madama butterfly , ponchielli 's la gioconda , boito 's mefistofele , giordano 's andrea chã nier , cilea 's adriana lecouvreur , catalini 's la wally .
M	eric grew up with his mother and sisters .
F	the introduction is by a reporter named janine di giovanni and she writes that `` i first met zlata in the summer of 1993 when someone came up to me and told me about a girl being called the ` anne frank of sarajevo ' . ''
F	she was then later accepted to the cap21 program at the tisch school of the arts at new york university , but instead continued working on stage .
M	he plays for avispa fukuoka .
F	in 2008 , she won the golden globe , screen actors guild , and emmy awards all in the category for best actress in a comedy series .
M	he plays for odense and cameroon national team .
F	some said that the boy had been secretly carried into the queen 's room in a bed-warming pan instead of her stillborn baby .
F	ferdinand served as the latter 's regent during her absence in the netherlands , ruled by her husband archduke philip .
M	much of what is known about him comes from the book libro de descripciã n de verdaderos retratos de illustres y memorables varones -lrb- book of the description of the true portraits of illustrious and memorable men -rrb- , which was written in 1599 by francisco pacheco .
M	he was replaced by former nirvana guitarist jason everman .
M	he taught about xml , databases , software engineering , and `` ebusiness '' -lrb- electronic business -rrb- .
M	he wrote four plays in the period 1851-52 , but only the village prophet has been preserved .
M	he scored no championship points .
M	in 1931 , he was the first to demonstrate crossover of homologous chromosomes in drosophila melanogaster , only weeks after barbara mcclintock and harriet creighton had done so with maize .
F	she is a moderate within the republican party .
F	she is the founding member of the band aice5 .
F	u.s. representative gabrielle giffords was holding an open meeting with members of her constituency in a casas adobes safeway parking lot on saturday , january 8 , 2011 when the incident happened .
F	she was beaten in the second round by steve mizerak with a score of 150 â `` 93 .
M	by this time burma was ruled by a military junta which refused him any honors .
F	after retirement , she taught students at vienna music academy and salzburg mozarteum .
M	when the geologist henry de la beche painted duria antiquior , he based it largely on fossils anning had found .
F	younha , her debut album , and was re-cut because it was the theme to the bleach gc : tasogare ni mamieru shini kami .
M	his transfer to celtic from hibs in the summer of 2007 broke the record for the biggest transfer fee paid between two scottish clubs .
M	he is considered one of the pioneers of the now popular butterfly style .
F	cruella de vil , cruella de vil , if she does n't scare you , no evil thing will .
F	she earned a master 's degree in zoology in june 1932 .
F	her vocals have been described as rich , jaw-dropping , deep , dark , mournful and unique .
M	he often conducted in london with the london philharmonic orchestra and the london symphony orchestra .
M	he was born on august 19 , 1945 .
M	he wants to leave veldin in his spaceship , and have adventures .
M	in the 2004 blockbuster the day after tomorrow he portrayed a student caught in a cataclysmic global cooling event , alongside dennis quaid as his father .
F	contains 6 songs in english : venus , that i will be good , sometimes love just ai n't enough , silent all these years , and hey jude ; and a song she wrote called someone .
M	when lucius was hailed as imperator again , however , marcus did not hesitate to take the imperator ii with him .
M	gabriel met with knut soon after his zoo debut , and said that although knut was safe , `` worldwide polar bears are in danger and if knut can help the cause , then that is a good thing . ''
F	she recently moved from forest hills , queens in new york city , where she ran the polgar chess center and the susan polgar foundation , which gives chess training to children , especially girls .
M	he led the thunder bay twins senior hockey team to two consecutive championships in the 1980s .
F	she remains sovereign of the order to this day .
F	she is not the smartest smurf .
M	it was created as a tribute to the creator of gundam , yoshiyuki tomino , for his birthday .
M	he used this experience to write a novel -lrb- story -rrb- in spanish about aconcagua , which became a best seller there .
M	he is more often called davy crockett .
F	during this time , she also started wrestling in total nonstop action wrestling .
F	jimmy carter met herman while campaigning in atlanta , georgia , and after becoming president in 1977 , picked her to be director of the labor department 's women 's bureau .
F	at a house show in paris , france on april 24 , james won her third women 's championship .
F	ripa plays her sister , a soap opera star whose character is killed off , leading her to move in with her sister 's family .
M	at the age of eight he was taken to havana chess club , which had hosted many important contests , but on the advice of a doctor he was not allowed to play frequently .
F	billboard hot 100 , becoming her first top 5 single ; it also peaked at number 1 in new zealand , number 2 in the uk and at number 6 and number 7 in australia and canada , respectively .
F	she also terma most of the hidden teachings called termas .
F	pavlova is most recognized for the creation of the rã le the dying swan and , with her own company , would become the first ballerina to tour ballet around the world .
M	it was not a moment too soon ; large monetary gifts from maxentius to his soldiers had corrupted the fidelity of the illyrian legions .
F	she acted in a reading of sheik and sater 's new musical , nero , in july 2008 at vassar college .
M	the two countries had shared a monarch for about 100 years -lrb- since the union of the crowns in 1603 , when james vi of scotland inherited the english throne from his cousin , queen elizabeth i -rrb- .
F	she was chosen for the lead role of alice , opposite juliette lewis in the movie that night .
F	she also won the world open title in 2005 , 2006 , 2008 and 2009 .
F	during this time , army photographer david conover snapped a photograph of her for a yank magazine article .
M	after abandoning his attempt to bring holy wood to the big screen , manson shifted medium for the project and announced plans to put out two books to accompany the then-forthcoming album instead .
F	since the summer of 1992 she has performed nearly every year with the skaneateles chamber music festival in skaneateles , new york .
F	scene 1 -lrb- sonata-allegro -rrb- : marie is telling her child to go to sleep while admiring earrings which the drum-major gave her .
M	william herndon wrote in abraham lincoln : the true story of a great life that he had brought some of the sermons of abolitionist minister theodore parker to lincoln , who had been moved by them .
F	mary , queen of scots -lrb- 8 december 1542 â `` 8 february 1587 -rrb- , was queen of scotland from 14 december 1542 until 24 july 1567 , when she was forced to give up her kingdom .
M	hitler considered rommel among his favorite generals .
F	at the age of twelve she joined the first baptist gospel choir and began singing in public .
M	darren kenneth matthews -lrb- born may 10 , 1968 -rrb- also known by his ring name william regal , is an english professional wrestler , currently signed to the world wrestling entertainment on its smackdown brand .
F	she appeared at the royal opera house of covent garden in london from 1947 to 1949 , and also la scala in milan , edinburgh festival , etc.
F	having lost her mother at birth , sorcha is almost ignored by her father .
M	perlman usually plays classical music but sometimes he plays jazz .
F	a popular writer in her time , her work has received even more attention from literary critics in recent years .
M	he returned to france via switzerland and shared his secrets with the french government : the germans were not opening a new front in the alps and there was no need to move allied troops away from the western front .
M	until his victory in the open championship in 2009 , 2004 was his career year to date , with a fifth-place finish on the money list and wins at the mci heritage and at the wgc-nec invitational , which is one of the world golf championships events and was the most prestigious win of his career at the time .
F	rachelâ s second daughter , lucy , had fetal surgery -lrb- surgery before she was born -rrb- for spina bifida and was later diagnosed with cerebral palsy .
F	the dress that she wore to the event , specially designed and made for her by jean louis , sold at an auction in 1999 for usd $ 1.26 million .
M	on his return he decided to become a teacher .
F	despite initial concerns that professional wrestling would not be accepted by the sci fi channel 's demographic , network president bonnie hammer said that she believed ecw would fit the channel 's theme of `` stretching the imagination '' .
F	encountering skepticism of her research and its implications , she stopped publishing her data in 1953 .
M	he was born in hampstead , london .
F	in 2010 she made it to the azerbaijani national final for the chance to represent azerbaijan in the eurovision song contest 2011 in germany .
F	mary ruled together with her husband , william iii and ii .
M	arnold learned of andrã 's capture the following morning , 24 september , when he received jameson 's message that andrã was in his custody and that the papers andrã was carrying had been sent to general washington .
F	after philip 's death in 1506 , with joanna mentally unstable , and her and philip 's son charles of ghent only six years old , ferdinand resumed the regency , ruling through francisco cardinal jimenez de cisneros , the chancellor of the kingdom .
F	in 1994 , she joined the cast of the second city .
F	when , the same year , she entered the tournament in carlsbad , viennese master albert becker ridiculed her entry by suggesting that any player whom menchik defeated in tournament play should be granted membership into the vera menchik club .
F	in 2007 yulia met glyn maclean , 17 years her senior , director and owner of oikos music group and signed to a management and music publishing deal .
M	he kills him , and ganon in a bat form flies out of the corpse and into the pyramid of power .
F	after her first year of graduate school , carson became a part-time student , taking an assistantship in raymond pearl 's laboratory , where she worked with rats and drosophila , to earn money for tuition .
M	he is the first formula one driver from india .
F	the position of royal printmaker also made her the first female official in sweden .
M	writer eli attie called david axelrod to talk about obama after obama 's 2004 democratic national convention speech and says that he `` drew inspiration from -lrb- obama -rrb- in drawing -lrb- the santos -rrb- character , '' while actor jimmy smits says that obama `` was one of the people that i looked to draw upon . ''
F	rose wrote that the myth of pandora is decidedly more illiberal than that of epic in that it makes pandora the origin of all of man 's woes with her being the exemplification of the bad wife .
M	he also suggested that the money gained from the tax could be used to fund projects for the benefit of third world countries , or to support the united nations .
M	in his years there , he earned a reputation as being very studious and became fluent in latin .
M	in 1977 , he became famous internationally for his work on the human rights manifesto , charter 77 .
M	leporello throws off giovanni 's cloak and hat so that everyone realizes who he is .
F	her mother has a ramyeon restaurant called `` red kitchen '' .
F	she was born september 6 , 1944 in omaha .
F	when she did not recognize the girl , the guard took her away .
M	forced to mature quickly when his mother kya was killed in a fire nation raid , he cultivated his warrior skills with a militant zeal , while his sister katara did chores and practiced waterbending .
F	she gave an interview to cosmopolitan and was photographed at peter lawford 's beach house drinking champagne and walking on the beach .
F	four years after her death the king privately married a beautiful young gentlewoman , kirsten munk .
M	bairstow learned the organ at balliol college , oxford , and while articled under frederick bridge of westminster abbey he was taught by walter alcock .
F	she was christened in public on 5 april 1776 .
F	she banned leto from giving birth on any mainland or island that was known .
F	she worked in the theater of vsevolod meyerhold .
F	she was an adolescent girl finding out she has great power and dealing with it . ''
F	she went to st hugh 's college , oxford university .
M	as he stoops down to quench his thirst a female figure composed of water rises out of the river and pulls him under , drowning him , the other two men run on .
M	one day before his death , mako had been confirmed to star in the film tmnt , providing the voice of splinter .
F	the style of music she sang was enka .
F	after completing her schooling , she studied in miss barstow 's finishing school for girls in kansas city , missouri .
M	he then shouted to the crowd : â gutenberg , your printing press has been violated by this evil book .
F	not knowing what to do , she took her friend lincoln steffens ' advice and in 1921 traveled to poland and russia serving as a correspondent for the american friends service committee .
F	mi plan -lrb- my plan -rrb- is the fourth studio album by singer nelly furtado it is also her first ever all spanish album .
M	he served as governor and senator in louisiana in the 1930s .
F	she is commonly known by her stage name boa .
F	the household , even while she lived , was dominated by arnold 's sister hannah .
F	she has been credited by caltrans with the idea of using a painted line to separate lanes of traffic on a highway .
M	in 1763 an uprising led by chief pontiac of the ottawa native american tribe surprised lieutenant jenkins and his men and captured fort ouiatenon without firing a shot .
M	he created the first national committee of arab high school students .
F	she has won three grand slam singles tournaments and an olympic gold medal in singles .
F	she also appeared in a number of other movies : nine lives -lrb- 2005 -rrb- , alpha dog -lrb- 2006 -rrb- , mamma mia !
F	as her father put it , child analysis had received a powerful impetus through `` the work of frau melanie klein and of my daughter , anna freud '' .
F	she was the daughter of coeus and phoebe , who were titans .
F	in 2009 she won in condino , italy the world senior championship for women .
M	in 1798 he returning to zurich to work as a doctor .
M	best known for his 1999 challenge to queen elizabeth ii to a kickboxing match or math test for the monarchy of canada , the challenge resulted in him receiving death threats but also brought much media attention to the burgeoning canadian republican movement .
F	filippa is married since 1992 to moderate party leader and prime minister of sweden fredrik reinfeldt , with whom she has three children .
M	he observed that lights seen through a turbid medium would appear yellowish , and darkness seen through a turbid medium that had been lightened would appear blue .
M	in this case , ultramen almost always merge with a human host or create a human form for themselves in order to survive on earth , more often than not reviving a rescently dead person with their own lifeforce -lrb- hikari did not revive the dead person but he controlled him -rrb- .
M	sagan is said to be an atheist or agnostic , but some people have said he is a pantheist , because he said thing like `` the idea that god is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous .
F	when pocahontas was living with the english , she met john rolfe .
F	arachne did not take the advice , she wanted a weaving contest to prove her skill .
F	she grew up in detroit -lrb- michigan -rrb- .
M	he had remarkable fame during his lifetime .
M	it was an enormous task in the wake of the deep variance in the political thinking of sheikh mohammed abdullah and mir waiz mohammed yusuf shah who parted way along with his his aides towards the end of the first session .
F	the writer based the story and characters on her family and neighbors , and something that happened near her hometown in 1936 .
F	the movie also featured her buffy co-star james marsters .
F	in 1990 , she was the only female entertainer who could be at saudi arabia .
F	waste was blind when she was born in 1534 .
F	she was called the performer who had the greatest impact on culture and entertainment in 2008 by the associated press .
F	billboard hot 100 and becoming her third number one song of 2010 .
M	in 1989 he started giving concerts in many countries in europe , then in 1994 the united states with the oslo philharmonic , including debuts at carnegie hall and the kennedy center .
M	he is a former world tag team champion with cody rhodes .
M	he became fascinated with hearing the old people in the locality speak the irish language .
F	in 2003 , she released her seventh album , `` yan yana fotoä raf ã ektirelim '' .
M	the count draws his sword , promising to kill cherubino , but when the door is opened , they are both amazed to find susanna there .
F	she is the daughter of frank sinatra .
F	in winning , with mahesh bhupathi , the mixed doubles event at the 2009 australian open , she became the first indian woman to win a grand slam title .
M	the new irish taoiseach -lrb- prime minister -rrb- albert reynolds had played a key role in the hume\/adams talks through his special advisor martin mansergh , thought the ceasefire as permanent .
F	her song criminal , which was on her first album , tidal , won a grammy award in 1998 for best female rock vocal performance .
M	sometimes he would even toss in coffee or soot to get the effects he wanted .
M	rudd is a father of two sons , joaquin and finojet , and a husband to his canadian wife , marci .
M	he was nominated by pakistan peoples party -lrb- ppp -rrb- , with the support of coalition partners , pakistan muslim league -lrb- n -rrb- , awami national party , jamiat ulema-e-islam -lrb- f -rrb- and muttahida qaumi movement on 22 march 2008 .
M	he played 12 seasons in the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
F	her father was the persian noble abdul hasan asaf khan , the brother of nur jehan , the mughal empress .
F	she lost in the first round at roland garros , losing to kazakhstan 's galina voskoboeva .
F	who a lot of people know from her roles as mie nishikawa in casualty -lrb- 1993-1994 -rrb- , and as toshiko sato in doctor who and torchwood .
F	she was said to be the most beautiful and intelligent woman in japan .
F	there 's nothing like her , i think , in the world '' .
F	margot adler 's 1979 book , drawing down the moon has a chapter on `` pagan reconstructionists '' , and kathryn nicdhã na says this is probably where she got the idea , even though the book does not mention celtic reconstructionists , just other kinds .
M	in 1990 he became leader of the liberal party , and in 1993 he was elected prime minister .
M	he lost only one match over the year .
F	with the warlock now dead , the old woman reverts to her true form , that of a young woman .
M	in the us , he was principal guest conductor of the chicago symphony orchestra from 1982 to 1986 .
F	but the japanese skating federation thought there was not a good reason to keep her at the junior level when she had already won everything .
F	in her book `` before the storm '' , sophie describes a side of old russia seldom seen elsewhere , a family in the old fashioned provincial country life of the gentry in the years before the revolution .
F	she revealed that she is `` a bit of a tory bird '' and that ` thick ' people irritate her .
F	the owner said that she would only get the job if she would sing as well as play the piano .
F	her diary is seen as a classic in war literature , and is one of the most widely read books today .
M	the interest of the marquis palombara for alchemy was born probably on his attendance since 1656 , the roman court of queen christina of sweden , at riario palace -lrb- today palazzo corsini -rrb- on the slopes of the gianicolo hill .
F	she did not discuss things with her daughter-in-law .
M	anthology is a compilation album by canadian singer-songwriter bryan adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005 .
M	father sapieha did pastoral work in the diocese of lemberg , whose seminary he served as a faculty member for four years until becoming its rector .
F	before super bowl xlv , on february 6 , 2011 , she performed `` america the beautiful '' with the air force tops in blue .
M	he has played for italy national team .
M	he also composed or published some of his best work during his period in guernsey , including les misã rables , and three widely praised collections of poetry -lrb- les chã cents timents , 1853 ; les contemplations , 1856 ; and la lã gende des siã cles , 1859 -rrb- .
M	he said that compounds are formed when atoms of more than one element combine .
F	some of her books include klee wyck -lrb- which won the governor general 's award -rrb- and the book of small .
F	she has been awarded many hugo and nebula awards , and was given the gandalf grand master award in 1979 and the science fiction and fantasy writers of america grand master award in 2003 .
F	in the end , she won the silver medal totalling 190.79 points .
M	he was a humanist , and wrote about love , peace , death and god .
M	his brother bud poile is in the hall of famer .
M	it is said that he was killed by a tortoise which fell out of the sky after it was dropped by an eagle .
M	in his cabin , captain vere talks with his officers about the french revolution .
M	on september 23 2005 , lashley made his televised wwe debut on smackdown !
M	he died on 9 november 1940 of bowel cancer .
M	the idea was to show that his theory could explain a myriad of observations from many fields of natural history that were inexplicable if species had been individually created .
M	this more prominent location , next to the chapel of the pieta , the chapel of the blessed sacrament and statues of popes pius xi and pius xii , will increase the number of pilgrims capable of viewing his memorial .
M	he is known as gaara of the sand in the viz translation , and sabaku no gaara -lrb- gaara of the desert -rrb- in the original japanese .
M	he also made guest appearances at the vienna state opera , at the royal opera house , covent garden in london , at the hamburg state opera , in japan , and at the king 's theatre in edinburgh , during the edinburgh festival .
M	although haughey did not have an overall majority when it came to a vote the independent socialist td tony gregory voted against fitzgerald but abstained on haughey , seeing haughey as the `` lesser of two evils '' -lrb- the reason for this was gregory 's personal republican convictions and his opposition to the anglo-irish agreement -rrb- .
F	she was in a number of musical films in the 1930s and 1940s , singing standards and operatic arias .
F	she later said that the experience had helped her get over a fear of performing in front of large crowds .
F	annie vernon , the olympic rower , first learn her sport at golant 's castle dore rowing club .
M	but he ends up being mistaken for a member of the dissident organization katharon and is unjustly imprisoned .
M	he played college football at sam houston state .
F	gillian howard welch -lrb- born october 2 1967 in new york city -rrb- is a united states singer-songwriter whose musical style combines bluegrass , country , and folk into a style she calls `` american primitive '' .
M	the story is about a man called ted mosby who tells his son and daughter and how he met their mother .
M	the mission fulfilled the challenge john f. kennedy had made in 1961 to `` land a man on the moon , and return him safely to the earth '' , before the 1960s ended .
M	at first he earned a living as a teacher , but he soon began to get invitations to conduct .
F	anderson died in 1984 and her body was cremated .
F	a member of the bismarck family , she is the great-great-granddaughter of chancellor prince otto bismarck and great-granddaughter of foreign secretary herbert , prince of bismarck .
F	at the urging of her undergraduate biology mentor mary scott skinker , she settled for a temporary position with the u.s. bureau of fisheries writing radio copy for a series of weekly educational broadcasts entitled `` romance under the waters '' .
F	mainland tanzania -lrb- formerly tanganyika -rrb- received independence in december 1961 , while zanzibar gained her independence in january 1964 , through a revolution .
M	he works as a teacher , piano accompanist and choral singer .
M	he plays for tottenham hotspur and netherlands national team .
F	having graduated , she agreed and they were married .
F	at a talk at the victoria and albert museum in 2007 she claimed to have invented duvet covers .
F	later on , she moved to acting .
M	he is also a contestant on celebrity apprentice .
M	he was stuck in neutral and could not select any gears .
F	ruth landes -lrb- october 8 , 1908 , new york city - february 11 , 1991 , ontario , canada -rrb- was an american cultural anthropologist best known for studies on brazilian candomblã cults and her published study on the topic , city of women -lrb- 1947 -rrb- .
F	during the 1968 tlatelolco massacre prior to the 1968 summer olympics , fallaci was shot three times , dragged down stairs by her hair , and left for dead by mexican forces .
M	he wrote a book about this period called morphine , which was finally released in 1926 .
M	during the discussion he spoke about his financial newsletter , and promoted his new york times number one bestselling book the obama nation .
F	she also won the free skating program , scoring 131.59 points and showing great skills with her artistry and her musical abilities .
M	lon chaney , jr. -lrb- february 10 , 1906 â `` july 12 , 1973 -rrb- was an american character actor , known mainly for his roles in horror movies and as the son of famous silent film actor lon chaney .
M	bart immediately becomes enamored and decides that he wants to become a daredevil as well .
M	the spring that ranma fell into had a drowned girl inside before , so ranma turned into a girl from then on whenever cold water was poured onto him .
M	he was picked as a canada west all-star in 2004 , and both a canada west all-star and first team all-canadian in 2006 .
F	she was an 11-year-old schoolgirl in oxford , england then .
M	he stimulated education and philosophy , attracting personalities like ã tienne bonnot de condillac .
F	just as zuko is on the verge of defeating azula , she shoots a bolt of lightning at katara instead of zuko .
F	serena deeb -lrb- born june 29 , 1986 in oakton , virginia -rrb- is a american female professional wrestler best known for wrestling with world wrestling entertainment on their smackdown brand under the ring name , serena where she was part of the wrestling stable straight edge society .
F	she is from london , england .
F	the time with lower provided the young norma jeane with one of the few stable periods in her life .
F	she was born at qingjiang , kiangsu , china as ruth mccue bell , the second of five children .
F	she first became popular as playboy magazine 's 1993 playmate of the year .
M	beckett pokã mon unofficial collector editor sean cooper stated that lucario had grown popular in recent years due to his starring role in lucario and the mystery of mew and his appearance in super smash bros. .
M	he first was noticed as the co-host for the fox news program hannity & colmes , a political television program co-hosted by alan colmes .
M	he won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 2009 for his discoveries of how chromosomes are protected by telomeres which he shared with elizabeth blackburn and carol w. greider .
M	he was a postdoctoral fellow at the fred hutchinson cancer research center in the laboratory of dr. james priess .
M	he stayed with , and played music with jazz musician charles mingus .
M	he has been to over 41 evangelistic crusades since 1948 .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from 1989 to 1993 .
F	her former japanese name is aki kiyomi .
F	after living in switzerland for many years , she went to live in vorarlberg , austria .
M	mike scully -lrb- born october 2 , 1956 in west springfield , massachusetts -rrb- is an emmy award-winning american television writer best known for his work as show runner of the fox series the simpsons from 1997 - 2001 -lrb- seasons 9-12 -rrb- .
F	anne was 11 years old when she was betrothed to louis xiii .
F	her temple was built at the island of seheil .
M	despite these comments , he still claims that he is a devout catholic and was invited to the vatican by john paul ii and again by benedict xvi .
M	in 1944 he retired from coaching .
F	she was the sister of the famous swedish actor lars hjortsberg , and was considered the greatest swedish ballet-dancer of her generation .
M	he is encouraged to come with the party by greatheart : but brother ...
F	president lyndon johnson appointed her judge of the u.s. court of appeals for the ninth circuit in 1968 .
M	roy `` shrimp '' worters -lrb- october 19 , 1900 in toronto , ontario , canada â `` november 7 , 1957 -rrb- was a canadian professional ice hockey hall of fame goaltender who played twelve seasons in the national hockey league for the pittsburgh pirates , montreal canadiens and new york americans , and was notable for having 66 shutouts in his career and being , at 5 ' 3 '' tall , the shortest player ever to play in the nhl .
M	he died on august 9 , 2008 from complications of pneumonia .
F	after signing with sony music japan , she recorded and released her first single called `` brand new day '' on june 19 , 1999 .
F	parvati was very proud of her son ganesha .
M	may he be guard , may he be shield , for ever may he bless and wield o graciously all deeds of thine , thou dearest country mine !
M	he has played for roasso kumamoto .
M	he saw only reddish-yellow edges and blue-cyan edges with white between them , and the spectrum arose only where these edges came close enough to overlap .
F	she added a small group of dancers to the company .
M	he realizes what the lion-turtle had meant and uses energybending to strip ozai of his firebending powers , ending his ability to wage war .
M	the tour of california also saw cavendish win his first points of classification of the 2009 season .
F	she was later picked to head the white house office of public liaison , where she was responsible for the administration 's relations with interest groups .
M	this accident cracked a vertebra and twisted his pelvis .
M	despite completing the course , he did not graduate because he refused to swear the graduation oath , which contained the phrase `` so help me god and his sacred gospel '' .
F	she met her husband liu xiaobo while part of the beijing literary scene in the 1980s .
F	born in seoul , korea , she attended seungeui girls ' high school -lrb- ì ì ì -- ì ê ë `` í ê -rrb- .
M	in october 1836 he got a job at the university of zã 1\/4 rich as a lecturer in anatomy and went back to zã 1\/4 rich where he spent his final months writing and teaching until he died of typhus at the age of twenty-three .
F	actress lucy lawless has been quoted in several interviews as saying she would be interested in participating in a xena film as well .
F	she studied with james gunn at kansas and graduated in 1975 .
F	messing returned to her role as molly kagan in a second season of ten episodes of the starter wife in 2008 .
M	his team at the moment is werder bremen .
M	in 1940 he served as a player\/coach of the new haven eagles of the iahl .
F	a girl must sew six shirts from a painful plant in order to save her brothers from a witch 's curse .
F	later , she passed the child off as the daughter of her secretary , in order to keep the little girl close to her .
M	wherever he is seen , it means such a system can work with linux .
M	due to his popularity in lower saxony , and in federal opinion polls , wulff was considered to be a contender for the office of chancellor .
F	she brought sergei with her to st. petersburg .
F	in the letter , lady howard says that madame duval -lrb- the grandmother of evelina -rrb- is going to visit england to see her granddaughter evelina again .
M	he started working in a bank as an officer .
F	the play was called prelude to a kiss and she played the main character called rita .
F	the park is most famous as the place where jane goodall did her research on the chimpanzee groups .
F	she now is a special envoy on climate change for the united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon .
M	on 12 july 2006 , kyle macdonald traded with the town of kipling after he traded many times starting with one red paperclip .
F	knowles re-recorded the song for her debut solo album , dangerously in love -lrb- 2003 -rrb- , under the title `` dangerously in love 2 '' .
M	he went to find his wife immediately .
M	when cimabue came back , he tried several times to brush the fly off .
M	he is best-known for co-authoring the left behind with jerry b. jenkins .
F	after spending one night alone , she was told to travel to koror , and given a koror buff as there was no need for a tribal merge .
F	she said : `` it is a clever novel .
M	son of tolui and the kerait princess sorghaghtani beki , he was a grandson of genghis khan , and the brother of arik boke , mongke and kublai khan .
M	finnburg was the fort of his brother-in-law finn , king of the frisians .
M	the experience with his son 's drug addiction turned robinson , sr. into someone who fought against drugs for the rest of his life .
F	in 1934 , schwarzkopf started to study in berlin hochschule fã 1\/4 r musik , then she changed teachers and started working with the coloratura soprano maria ivogã 1\/4 n as well as with ivogã 1\/4 n 's husband , the pianist michael raucheisen .
M	umaga later delivered a high-impact kick to batista , which caused him to fall back-first outside the ring from the ring-apron .
F	faust and gretchen want to sleep together , so gretchen gives her mother a sleeping potion so that she does not see faust .
F	she has two ladies-in-waiting -lrb- meninas -rrb- : doã a isabel de velasco -lrb- 2 -rrb- , who is about to curtsy to the princess , and doã a marã a agustina sarmiento de sotomayor -lrb- 3 -rrb- , who kneels in front of margarita , offering her a drink from a red cup , or bucaro , that she holds on a golden tray .
M	in 1889 and 1890 he served on the crew of the frigate iphigã nie .
F	in 1868 she left her husband to live with wagner , taking their daughters with her .
M	he was descended from knights who had participated in the crusades .
M	he has played for republic of ireland national team .
M	in september of that year he became the dean of the college of cardinals and hence cardinal bishop of ostia and velletri , though he still lived in the episcopal palace at frascati .
M	he is the conservative party member of parliament for the tatton constituency in the house of commons of the united kingdom .
M	he plays for nagano parceilo .
F	pocketful of sunshine is a single by natasha bedingfield from her united states record of the same name .
M	he got into the usaf experimental flight test pilot school at edwards air force base in 1960 .
M	in 1892 he became minister of militia and defense .
F	she played the roles of `` carmen ferrara '' on the drama popular and `` claudia casey '' on the sitcom less than perfect .
F	when miss hoover returns to class , lisa is sad to lose her most positive adult role model .
M	he also remarks that the sound is `` spot on ... as per usual . ''
F	this was when she lost her nationality because of the anti-semitic rules of nazi germany .
F	she also sang on a collection of folk musicians singing songs by the beatles - rubber folk -lrb- 2006 -rrb- .
F	she led the french army to several important victories in the hundred years ' war .
M	pollard said later that `` i should have been suspicious when he -lrb- the ranch hand -rrb- returned with lightning bar that afternoon , with a sheepish grin on his face .
M	amis 's parents , hilly and kingsley , divorced when he was twelve .
M	he went to school in paris at a school called the ã cole normale supã rieure .
M	he made many discoveries in the field of chemistry , most notably the asymmetry -lrb- different shapes -rrb- of crystals .
M	his other work has included producing the singles `` goldeneye '' -lrb- 1995 -rrb- for tina turner , `` under the bridge '' -lrb- 1998 -rrb- for all saints and `` down boy '' -lrb- 2002 -rrb- for holly valance , as well as providing remixes for artists like janet jackson and sade .
F	her two children had sold , and she had killed her third child because she was afraid that her child would be sold , too .
F	gellar met her husband freddie prinze , jr. during filming of the 1997 teen horror movie i know what you did last summer but the two did not begin a romantic relationship until 2000 .
F	under this name she maintains a successful blog , belle de jour : diary of a london call girl which by 2003 had been selected by the guardian as its blog of the year and has had two books published in both the uk and us
M	he received 8,456 votes , and finished second to progressive conservative walter dinsdale .
M	he has played for cameroon national team .
M	pedersen was known for resisting to sell his works .
M	naomi linnell was his partner in the last years of his life .
M	later , he made and patented several kinds of tray : a metal tray with rubber separators , a metal tray with individual rubber cups , and a tray made of only rubber .
F	she made about 160 recordings for columbia , often accompanied by other popular musicians like louis armstrong , james p. johnson , joe smith , charlie green , and fletcher henderson .
F	this is because the bbc played a large part in florence and the machine 's rise to prominence by promoting her as part of bbc introducing .
F	she is the daughter of the singer ozzy osbourne .
M	in the decade of 1990 , vincent was dedicated to his solo career and recorded the album euphoria , 1996 , with vocalist robert fleischman .
M	but it was not until dennis potter 's the singing detective -lrb- 1986 -rrb- that he became a household name .
M	priam is like niobe in that he is grieving for his son hector , who was killed and not buried for several days .
M	he became king louis xiii 's chief minister in 1624 .
F	in 1995 hahn made her international debut in germany with a performance of the beethoven concerto for violin and orchestra in d major with lorin maazel and the bavarian radio symphony orchestra .
F	in the music video , directed by little x , rihanna and her friends arrive at the club where everybody is bored and not dancing because of the low music .
M	following the death of 112 year old e. beatrice riley , he was verified as the oldest person in australia .
F	she had been lent to rko studios to appear in a supporting role in clash by night , a barbara stanwyck drama , directed by fritz lang .
F	she helped start the student homophile league and participated in the stonewall riots in new york city .
F	when she was put in prison for a short time at perm in 1918 , princess helena petrovna , the wife of anastasia 's distant cousin , prince ioann konstantinovich of russia , said that a guard took a girl who called herself anastasia romanova to her cell and asked her if the girl was the tsar 's daughter .
F	she was at the center of many scandals at the convent , including an attempt to burn it down , which greatly irritated her husband , who , despite the separation , took great interest in marguerite louise 's life .
F	as a young girl , she is said to have prayed for the happiness of all sentient beings .
F	a year later , her father remarried elizabeth charlotte of the palatinate .
F	in the park , one of michael 's enemies says that she can buy crack cocaine for ten dollars .
M	he currently lives in berlin , germany .
M	however , following this initial success miller netted just twice in his next 28 league fixtures .
F	as a young adult she took an interest in mathematics , and in particular babbage 's work on the analytical engine .
F	philippa , who worked with gambon on the film sylvia in 2003 , in late 2006 moved into a â # 500,000 terraced home in chiswick , west london with her pet pug dog .
M	ä smet ä nã nã 1\/4 was by the standards of his time a highly educated man , speaking arabic , english , french and german in addition to his native turkish .
F	monroe was praised for her performance and won the golden globe award for best actress - motion picture musical or comedy .
M	in that tournament he scored 6.5 out of 14 , placing 5th out of eight players .
F	since february 2001 , she has served as the co-host of live with regis and kelly , alongside regis philbin , taking the show 's rating to a new high when she replaced previous live co-host kathie lee gifford .
M	paterson had asked his mother , katherine paterson , if he could write a screenplay of the novel .
M	in the 1950s , the dutch art historian laurens j. bol revived his reputation , beginning with an article in 1952 , and finally publishing the first monograph and catalogue raissone on coorte in 1977 -lrb- adriaen coorte , amsterdam -rrb- .
F	the hollywood location of the multnomah county library , near where she lived as a child , has created a map on their lobby wall of henry huggins ' klickitat street neighborhood .
M	following the revelations that came out of the operaciã n puerto investigation , heinrich allegedly nearly quit the sport but instead he joined with stapleton and other team staff to create a new system of internal controls and health checks that he insisted would demonstrate that t-mobile riders were clean and to restore credibility to the sport .
M	right before freddy died some ghosts told freddy that he can come back to life if takes over dreams , and freddy said yes .
F	she shares her nickname with her grandfather 's brother , conrad `` nicky '' hilton , who died 14 years before she was born .
F	sieglinde wants to die , but when she is told that she has a baby in her womb she asks brã 1\/4 nnhilde to save her .
M	he kept up his organ playing -lrb- his teacher had hoped he would become an organist -rrb- and in july 1954 , again conducted by karajan , brain performed the organ part in a recording of the easter hymn from pietro mascagni 's cavalleria rusticana .
M	he began to study conducting in 1995 .
F	without dr. greenson 's help there , she had resumed her use of sleeping pills and alcohol .
F	she plans to raise kovu to overthrow simba and become the king of the pride lands .
M	to prevent a similar revolt against his own rule , alexander 's successor , antipater , sent his men to track demosthenes down .
M	in 1994 he began working for ecw .
F	while petra kvitovã ended home hopes as she disposed of stosur , while sharapova had to come from a set down to progress to the next round .
F	the lead jammer can put her hands on her hips when she wants to stop the jam early .
M	it 's set to be his first u.k single and his third australian single .
M	in 313 he married flavia julia constantia , half-sister of constantine , at mediolanum -lrb- now milan -rrb- .
M	born at the royal alcazar in madrid , he was the fourth child and third son of philip v of spain and his wife , elisabeth farnese .
M	pompey , who wanted to starve caesar 's soldiers , had his hand forced by his allies .
M	copper , before resting , smiles as he remembers the day when he became friends with tod .
F	she was the first woman professor at the university of paris as well as the first person to win two nobel prizes .
M	he is also said to have introduced the first football helmet .
F	in 2004 , seyfried started her film career , acting in mean girls .
F	she wrote many books of romantic fiction about the gentry .
F	she has told susanna of figaro 's suspicions and plans .
F	she often used scottish politics when she fought with james about her son , prince henry .
F	she has never released copies of the alleged statement , though she characterizes them as admissions of `` sexual assault '' and vinda de sousa , former hollowayâ `` twitty family aruban attorney , has indicated that no such admission was made .
F	in 1966 , howard wrote and released her first single of the year , `` evil on your mind '' .
F	she was a member of the swedish royal academy of arts , and the first woman to be appointed royal printmaker .
F	she played the character catherine duke on newsradio and the character jackie robbins on er .
F	she starred in the sitcom curb your enthusiasm on the hbo network .
M	hercules and iole continue onto gryphon , when they arrive the people take him to the area where the hole has opened up in the ground .
M	he died on june 5 , 1993 at cox house hospital in springfield , missouri due to abdominal aortic aneurysm .
M	galeriusâ need for additional revenue led him to make a strict and rigorous examination of the property of his subjects for the purpose of taxation .
F	at midnight on new years 2011 , she said on her twitter and facebook pages that a new single would come out on february 13 .
M	ayers questioned the interviewer 's way of describing him in a `` letter to the editor '' on september 15 2001 .
F	she was raised in an irish catholic family and went to thornridge high school .
M	he was a mining engineer , and was the governor between 1915 and 1923 .
M	young langston was cared for by his grandmother , in lawrence , kansas while his mother worked to support the family .
F	she could hold and score 5 points , but she decides to roll again .
F	she began her career in the late 1990s as a pop singer .
F	she said no to the offer saying , `` i do n't do nudity .
F	she began playing the piano when she was age of three .
F	she died on june 29 , 2003 at 2:50 p.m. , at fenwick , the hepburn family home , in old saybrook , connecticut .
M	he was born and raised in seoul .
M	he and his wife tammy have three children .
M	he called it ` la ciudad de los reyes ' -lrb- the city of the kings -rrb- .
F	within the family she was known babette .
F	after the election 2009 she formed a coalition with fdp .
M	in the third match , john cena faced jbl to defend his world heavyweight championship .
M	near the end of his life he described his love of his art : â each day i go to my studio full of joy ; in the evening when obliged to stop because of darkness i can scarcely wait for the next morning to comeâ if i can not give myself to my dear painting i am miserableâ .
F	she breaks the rule of having only two companions on a quest by choosing percy , grover , and tyson .
M	the other ernestine duchies were never members of the imperial circle , and were subordinate to the five duchies that did belong to the imperial circle -lrb- for example , the principalities of meiningen and hildburghausen were such ; that was one reason why duke of hildburghausen exchanged his patrimony to that of altenburg -rrb- .
M	a german marxist sociologist -lrb- sombart -rrb- is credited for using it first in his 1913 book krieg und kapitalismus , which means `` war and capitalism '' in english .
M	his original name was marcus julius agrippa and he is the king named herod in the acts of the apostles , in the bible , `` herod -lrb- agrippa -rrb- '' .
F	`` let it go '' appeared on the set it off soundtrack -lrb- brandy also appeared on the soundtrack ; and her song `` missing you '' with tamia , chaka khan and gladys knight peaked also at number 25 -rrb- .
F	in 1969 she won the first prize in the beethoven competition in vienna and in 1970 the second prize in the international frederick chopin piano competition .
M	consolidating his power , severus battled pescennius niger at cyzicus and nicea in 193 and then defeated him at issus in 194 .
M	at a time when young mello was not doing well in school , his family helped him build his confidence and self esteem .
F	she especially liked the lead singer connee boswell , later saying , `` my mother brought home one of her records , and i fell in love with it ...
M	he has played for netherlands national team .
F	she died seven weeks later .
M	he conquered and governed cuba for spain .
F	the shape of the whole opera is often said to be like a mirror - lulu 's popularity in the first act is mirrored by the poverty she lives in during act iii .
F	in early 2009 she was selected by andrew lloyd webber to participate in the uk national selection for eurovision song contest 2009 in moscow , russia .
F	on 8 october 2009 , it was announced she would be awarded the 2009 nobel prize in literature .
M	following that , the two concluded their rivalry at vengeance where batista scored the third and final win over his former mentor inside hell in a cell .
M	trapping the spirit of mata nui in the mask of life , he sent it flying into space so that the former great spirit can not interfere with his control over the universe .
F	embry herself received publicity surrounding a custody battle over two children with her former partner .
F	when she died , in 1814 , the garden had around 250 types of garden roses .
M	the 14th abbot , he was appointed by the new archbishop of canterbury , lanfranc .
M	rickey was especially interested in making sure his eventual hire could put up with the racial abuse that he would receive .
F	she sang at the metropolitan opera in new york during the 1953 - a1954 season the role of susanna in mozart 's the marriage of figaro
M	he played for tottenham hotspur , in 2005 after they paid a record fee of 16.5 million pounds .
M	daxter finds kaeden , who reveals himself to be a giant insect , but he is defeated by daxter .
F	in october 2000 , piper released her second album , walk of life , which reached number 14 in the uk album chart .
F	her parents were elliott roosevelt i and anna hall roosevelt .
F	she was a circus performer from east germany , born in canada , and her 13-year-old mate , lars , was from a park in munich .
M	in 1296 uncle and nephews had partitioned saxony into the wittenberg line , where albert ii continued as sole ruler , and the lauenburg line , where his nephews ruled jointly -lrb- see section dukes of saxe-lauenburg below in this article -rrb- .
F	in november 2009 her late night talk show the wanda sykes show premiered .
F	marã a eva duarte de perã n -lrb- may 7 , 1919 â `` july 26 , 1952 -rrb- was the second wife of argentine president juan perã n. she was first lady from 1946 until she died in 1952 and she served with her husband as a co-ruler of argentina during those years .
F	in 1849 , she , as well as amalia lindegren and agnes bã rjesson , became one of the four women who were given permission to study art at the swedish royal academy of arts .
M	granit obtained dual citizenship with sweden during world war ii , and once said that his nobel prize `` belongs fifty-fifty to finland and sweden '' .
F	she was the daughter of anna seamon and redmon fauset , a presbyterian minister .
M	p106 later , he decapitated a running ostrich with a specially designed dart .
M	he plays for thespa kusatsu .
M	just before snape 's death in the seventh book snape asks harry to do the last thing for him .
M	dos santos was nominated for an annie award for his directing of part three , `` into the inferno '' .
M	he settled in london , where the headquarters of the bank is located .
F	this led to her staying in france for a time and appearing in two other films ; philippe de broca 's le roi de coeur , opposite alan bates , and louis malle 's le voleur , opposite jean-paul belmondo .
F	a lady-in-waiting is often a noblewoman of lower rank than the one she attends to .
F	she tells link that the man is ganondorf .
F	she was also the colonel-in-chief of two british army units and one rhodesian army unit .
M	charles 's escape from scotland after the uprising has rendered him a romantic figure of heroic failure in later representations , for example in `` the skye boat song '' .
M	some people think that plato was simply using the character of socrates as a tool to express his own opinions rather than to accurately write about socrates .
M	he used another pen name katsuhiko otsuji for novels .
F	since the lion , the witch and the wardrobe came out , henley has been in the stage play babes in the wood at her local theater group , which ran from 27 january to 4 february 2006 .
F	she was the first lady of the united states from 1889 until her death .
M	by that time moore was recognizable for his cowboy characteristics .
M	dudley was buried in the pine forest cemetery on the northern end of 16th street in wilmington , his home town .
F	she is an american country singer .
M	he plays for v-varen nagasaki .
M	in his capacity as head of the ipc , craven is also a member of the international olympic committee .
M	according to both sources , he sent yamatotakeru to izumo province and eastern provinces to expand his territory .
F	her father was henry ii of france and her mother was catherine of medici .
F	michele 's mother is italian american and roman catholic , while her father is a spanish sephardic jew .
F	suddenly donna anna appears , chasing giovanni who is wearing a mask so that she does not know who she is .
M	he proceeded to go to a social studies class where he shot the teacher `` michael grassie '' in the chest .
M	he carried out extensive correspondence with charles darwin , who lived nearby in downe .
M	big pun rose to fame when he met rapper fat joe in 1995 and appeared on fat joe 's album , jealous ones envy .
M	at the taiwan 's forty-second golden horse awards ceremony on 13 november 2005 , kwok won best leading actor award for his role in the movie divergence .
M	he remembered the bible story about moses coming down from mount sinai with god 's commandment , ` thou shalt not kill ' .
M	he argued that solving the political crisis of the time required more than perfecting moral character .
M	thompson was described by johnny bower , a former goaltender who was inducted into the hockey hall of fame , as being able to play the puck well with his stick , and one of the best of his time at passing the puck .
F	ciara made her debut in the summer of 2004 with the billboard number-one single `` goodies '' .
M	when john ostrom described it for deinonychus in 1969 , he interpreted the claw as a blade-like slashing weapon , much like the canines of some saber-toothed cats , used with powerful kicks to cut into prey .
F	her father was john sheldon doud .
F	elizabeth carolan -lrb- born november 24 , 1980 -rrb- better known by her ring name beth phoenix , is an american professional wrestler .
F	she was also the only physician serving the area 's five indian reservations for the bureau of indian affairs .
M	he was able to start the process to split scotland from the united kingdom , and worked endlessly on creating the scotland act , popularly known as smith 's `` unfinished business '' .
M	he was born to polish parents , both of whom were dancers : tomasz niå 1\/4 yå ski and eleonora bereda .
M	he did not wear a glove until his sixth .
M	he is famous as a ` seer ' who wrote collections of prophecies that have since become famous around the world .
F	her debut album blue was released in 1996 .
F	her father , sydney dix strong , was a minister in the congregational church and was a missionary .
M	he has worked with many musicians in the free jazz idiom , including tony oxley , fred van hove , barry guy , derek bailey and paul rutherford , among many others .
M	instead , wulff declared his support for angela merkel .
M	he was discovered at the `` 2005 s.m.
M	he won the federal 2007 election and was australia 's 26th prime minister until 24 june 2010 , when his deputy julia gillard challenged and replaced him .
M	the philadelphia flyers named an award , the pelle lindbergh memorial , in his honor .
M	during his term in office , the president must not be a member of any political party .
M	he plays for sagan tosu .
F	she produces a hash value of the message , raises it to the power of d mod n -lrb- just like when decrypting a message -rrb- , and attaches it as a `` signature '' to the message .
F	she slowly gains more trust , but the romanov family does not believe her .
M	a kind of benediction that is often done in both roman catholic and protestant churches is for the worship leader to raise his hands and say the biblical priestly blessing .
M	richard wagner made their most famous member , hans sachs , the hero of his opera die meistersinger von nã 1\/4 rnberg .
M	although he was actually referring to a florida hurricane -lrb- floyd -rrb- , and went on to forecast stormy conditions over the south of england , the statement has gone down in popular culture as one of the worst mistakes made so publicly .
M	he was thinking about a referendum for an independent , elected president .
F	during her father 's reign she held the powerful office of god 's wife .
M	he is a member of the alpha delta gamma fraternity .
F	during her long career , she has reached four grand slam quarterfinals , and one grand slam semifinal .
F	on july 5 2001 mrs kohl was found dead in her home in ludwigshafen .
F	a priest took care of two young women who said that they were anastasia and her sister maria in the ural mountains in 1919 .
M	in the preface to this reprint edition , dr. vladimir veselica , a zagreb university professor , expresses his enthusiasm that the author had given `` relevant answers '' at the highest intellectual level .
M	this was not solely due to his underhanded dealings with colleagues ; it was also due to the serious errors of scientific judgement which were discovered and publicized .
F	shortly thereafter , she gave birth to a daughter claudia octavia .
F	she is best known for playing karen hill in the 1990 film goodfellas and jennifer melfi in the hbo show the sopranos .
M	he fought to make an independent state for the tamil people in the north of sri lanka .
F	announcers had stopped calling balukas `` the little princess , '' but introduced her to audiences as `` the queen '' .
M	after playing many music festivals with nickel creek , he won the national mandolin contest at the walnut valley festival in winfield , kansas at age twelve .
F	she is married to jagadish mohanty , a veteran writer of orissa .
M	hindenburg stayed president until he died from lung cancer at his home in neudeck , east prussia on 2 august 1934 .
M	when dean smith retired as head basketball coach at north carolina he had the most wins in college basketball history , second was adolph rupp -lrb- kentucky -rrb- and third was allen .
M	after hiding it in his apartment for two years , he grew impatient and tried to sell it to a gallery in florence , but was caught .
M	he was one of the people who started the romantic movement .
F	but , percy forgets to remove her knife .
F	in early 1938 , grace sent her to live with yet another one of her aunts , anna lower , who lived in the van nuys section of los angeles .
F	`` the end '' was at first intended to be the final track on abbey road , but it is followed by `` her majesty '' .
F	she also hit arachne on the head .
M	the spirits shortly protect harry as he escapes to hogwarts with cedric 's body .
M	since 1994 , he has recorded both pop and classical albums , and has sold over 70 million copies worldwide .
F	although deschanel was the best among the adults , she seemed self-directed .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from 1861 until 1865 .
F	hugo also worked with composer louise bertin , writing the libretto for her 1836 opera la esmeralda which was based on the character in the hunchback of notre dame .
F	on 3 december 2009 the australian labor party caucus elected keneally to replace nathan rees as leader of the parliamentary party and she became the first woman premier of the state of new south wales .
M	when king tirian sees the seven friends of narnia in his dream , he thinks that edmund and peter ` had already the face of a king and a warrior ' .
M	in 1948 he moved to live with his family at poughill , where he continued to live after ivy 's death in 1963 .
M	he was an officer substitute in the prinz carl infantry regiment -lrb- 4 .
F	her name is helene ` leni ' klum .
M	along with muhammad naguib , the first president , he led the egyptian revolution of 1952 which overthrew the monarchy of egypt and sudan , and brought in a new period of change in egypt .
M	his main rival in the election was joachim gauck , a civil rights activist from east germany and a former federal commissioner for the stasi archives .
F	cleary received the library of congress living legends award in the `` writers and artists '' category in april 2000 for her major contributions to america 's cultural heritage .
M	his accession as emperor was the first time a son had succeeded his father since titus succeeded vespasian in 79 .
M	his home was indianapolis , indiana .
M	to his publisher , who replied with a single ' ! '
M	he was especially fond of the symphonies of anton bruckner , and he made recordings of bruckner 's eighth and ninth symphonies for the philips records .
F	on 12 february 2000 , she married karl-theodor zu guttenberg , whom she had met when attending love parade in berlin in 1995 .
M	after that , he made several solo albums .
M	in his will , he asked that sixty beggars should follow his casket in procession .
F	she may have been the most famous actress of the 19th century .
F	she and other members of her family performed plays for their parents and others in the spring of 1918 .
F	in 1940 she published my native land .
M	he wears the same upper-body armor that many of his subordinates -lrb- including the saiyans -rrb- are shown to wear , and while traveling , often gives the appearance of weakness by exclusively using his hoverchair for transportation , leaving his henchmen to do his `` dirty work '' .
F	her father ben was a talented woodsman who did the timber work on a plantation .
M	josã toribio medina did his first archeological investigations in pichilemu , and he published in 1908 los restos indã genas de pichilemu .
M	he has not completed his first term as premier of lower saxony .
M	he had hitchhiked his way from minnesota to new york , to meet guthrie and try to become a professional musician .
F	one of her first performances on television was in may 2008 at the newnownext awards , an awards show on the lgbt television network logo , where she sang her song `` just dance '' .
F	she is best known for her time with world wrestling entertainment , working on its smackdown !
M	at the beginning of the war he enlisted in the 26th continental regiment commanded by colonel samuel gerrish .
M	he customarily wore cowboy boots , a white stetson hat and a string tie .
F	she sang songs by the beatles , jackson browne , paul simon , the rolling stones , stevie wonder and many others .
F	she was the youngest skater ever to win that title .
M	hamlin also raced in his first nextel cup series races in 2005 , making his cup first start at kansas speedway as driver of the # 11 fedex chevrolet .
F	she has also co-written a book about these topics .
M	he was a goaltender scout for the vancouver canucks .
M	he left school when he was 14 and got a simple job in a gas store where he earned 16s 10d -lrb- 16 shillings and 10 pence , which is 84p in modern british money -rrb- a week .
F	sid tries to get with michelle , but tony takes her back before anything happens .
F	she was replaced as secretary of labor in the george w. bush administration by elaine chao .
M	he attended school at hillsborough center but then moved to hancock academy in hancock at the age of 11 .
F	she is studying for her bachelor of arts degree in operations management .
F	she is a member of the democratic party .
F	two of the children were sent to geraldton , ontario where the eldest sister lived with her husband .
F	painted a maroon color , she is now the only one of twenty locomotives to remain preserved in working order .
F	her name is bess and she has long black hair and red lips .
M	the third match included the statement that if batista lost , he could no longer get another chance at the world heavyweight championship while edge remains champion .
M	he missed the 2003 race and returned in 2004 , but his car retired after 282 laps .
F	she was a daughter of wahunsunacock -lrb- also known as chief or emperor powhatan -rrb- .
M	percy meets hades , who also thinks percy stole the master bolt as well as his helm of darkness .
M	he plays for barcelona and the argentina national team .
M	on his return to rome he was elected military tribune , a first step in a political career .
F	she was fined $ 1,500 and given three years probation .
M	ranford 's post-draft year , 1985 â `` 86 , was an eventful one , as ranford was named to the whl second all-star team , and saw his first nhl action after the whl season ended , winning three of four games for boston , before going 0 â `` 2 in the playoffs .
M	he was elected to the united states senate in 1790 .
M	he is the 2007 german national silver medalist .
M	he became a rehearsal accompanist at the new york city opera .
M	waltzing matilda , waltzing matilda `` you 'll come a-waltzing matilda , with me '' and his ghost may be heard as you pass by that billabong , `` you 'll come a-waltzing matilda , with me . ''
M	he was elected to the united states house of representatives as the representative from tennessee 's at-large congressional district in 1803 .
F	she has been municipal commissioner of tã by , uppland , since 2002 and mayor and chairperson of the tã by municipal executive since 2005 .
F	she is both a woman and a female deity called a dakini .
F	in 2002 , she competed internationally for the first time at the triglav trophy , and won a gold medal there .
F	she suggested it when she was talking with her grandfather falconer madan .
F	baines was known to have been living in hartford , connecticut before moving to ohio , where she worked as a maid at the ohio state university .
F	the poor conditions of the school permanently affected charlotte 's health according to her .
M	in 1785 arnold and his son richard moved to saint john , new brunswick , where they speculated in land , and established a business doing trade with the west indies .
F	in march 2006 , she made her disney channel debut in the disney channel original movie cow belles , as `` courtney callum '' , along with sister aly , as `` taylor callum '' .
M	while waiting for results of hospital tests on the ankle he had injured in junior college , robinson got on an army bus with a fellow officer 's wife .
M	he is one of only 24 people to have flown to the moon .
F	the scandal of her husband 's adultery came out in 1778 , and the consequences fell entirely on her shoulders .
F	the coat of arms of the isle of man , or the arms of her majesty in right of the isle of man -lrb- their formal name as the isle of man is a crown dependency -rrb- .
M	he also voiced colin wallace 's allegations of mi5 dirty tricks levelled at harold wilson , part of what became known as the `` wilson plot '' .
M	he stayed in the senate until his death .
M	later his interest expanded into the newly burgeoning cinema and he made films in germany and italy with sporadic success .
M	his parents divorced when he was 7 years old .
F	simone signoret noted in her autobiography the morbidity of miller and elia kazan resuming their professional association `` over a casket . ''
M	he plays for jã bilo iwata .
F	after graduating high school , she was a san diego chargers cheerleader in 1991 before beginning her hollywood career .
F	she was then carried over as the leader of the atlantis expedition on stargate atlantis and continued playing that role until the end of the show 's third season , afterwards being reduced from a main cast member to a recurring role in the fourth season .
F	also , the title was created when it became evident that queen victoria 's daughter , victoria , princess royal , would become an empress when her husband ascended the german imperial throne , many people thought it was wrong for the daughter to be an empress while her mother was just a queen .
F	after barbirolliâ s death in 1970 she started to play her oboe again .
F	it was there that they decided to find her a new name .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	in 1967 , professor paul sandorff from the massachusetts institute of technology gave his students the task to make a plan to destroy icarus in the case that it may be hitting earth .
F	she helped a lot of wounded soldiers during the crimean war to get better .
F	but there was little she could do : other members chose to devote meetings to things that strong felt were less important , such as plumbing in the schools .
F	however , she did participate in the challenge by cooking and serving food .
F	she ran away and hanged herself .
F	she wrote fantasy novels .
F	in 2009 , britney spears performed at the forum for her `` the circus starring britney spears '' tour .
M	then , he worked for citibank , and in the 1970s , he became a teacher at the american university of beirut .
F	she is the world 's foremost expert on chimpanzees .
F	artie turns out to be a bad date and marge realizes that it is homer she really wants .
M	he won the presidential election in 2002 .
F	later in her life , it became possible to launch instruments on rockets and she extended her work to the ultraviolet spectral lines .
M	the next year , after leaving iowa city , cheever went to a treatment center to try to overcome his alcoholism , but carver continued drinking for three years .
M	there he served as a coach for army athletics until receiving an honorable discharge in november 1944 .
M	after the war , he continued his studies and graduated from yerevan university in 1949 .
M	his obituary provides extensive information on the topics mentioned here .
M	william lloyd garrison -lrb- december 13 , 1805 â `` may 24 , 1879 -rrb- was an american abolitionist , meaning he wanted to end slavery in the united states .
M	the series is about an flds polygamist , played by bill paxton , and his relationship with his 3 wives .
M	in 2000 , he became the first modern catholic pope to visit egypt , and met with the coptic pope , and the greek orthodox patriarch of alexandria .
F	she married her first cousin philippe d'orl ã ans in 18 february 1692 at the age of fourteen and later bore eight children , four of which would have further children .
F	she served as its area medical officer from 1983 to 1985 in the west african countries of sierra leone and liberia .
M	he is best known for winning a competition to set `` god defend new zealand '' , a poem by thomas bracken , to music .
M	his survival led to his being declared emperor -lrb- at the insistence of the praetorian guard -rrb- after caligula 's assassination .
M	the album had guest appearances from his nickel creek bandmates as well as stuart duncan , bã la fleck , edgar meyer , jerry douglas , and bryan sutton .
F	she served as a waitress in the officers ' mess at raf marham and also at narborough airfield .
F	it tells the story of sutty , an earthling sent to be an ekumen observer , on the planet aka , and her experiences .
M	he was confirmed by the united states senate on may 26 , 1812 , and received his commission on may 27 , 1812 .
F	her first published novel , rose et blanche -lrb- 1831 -rrb- , was written in collaboration with jules sandeau .
M	he went to holland park school and then the university of ulster in northern ireland , to study english and theatre studies .
F	until george v 's warrant of 1917 , her arms , like all those of prince albert 's british royal descendants , bore an inescutcheon for saxony .
F	from the 1930s-60s she was chair of the council -lrb- governing body -rrb- of royal holloway college , university of london .
F	she then set sail into the largely uncharted ocean to the south , stopping at the pacific islands of huahine , borabora , and raiatea which cook claimed for great britain .
M	he used a mixture of cow urine and water .
F	csupã said they searched for a long time for someone to play her role .
M	the appellation `` the red '' most likely refers to his hair color .
F	on her first appearance in a grand slam competition marjolein buis won in three sets against annick sevenans to reach the semifinals .
M	as he drinks , isolde snatches the rest of the potion from him and drinks it herself .
F	hortense , who was opposed to the marriage , was convinced by her mother to marry louis for the sake of the family .
F	it was written to promote her first fragrance also called black star .
F	although the contract , banned her from leaving the convent , marguerite louise often went to her cousin louis xiv 's court at versailles .
M	he was a skilled and hardworking administrator .
M	he might also have invented the armillary sphere which first appeared during his century and was used by him during the creation of much of the star catalogue .
M	he was a founder of the religious society of friends , also known as the `` quakers . ''
F	she made it to give kikyo half the soul of kagome , kikyo 's reincarnation .
M	revere is most famous for his `` midnight ride '' on the night of april 18-19 , 1775 .
M	in 1698 he was made maã tre de musique at the sainte-chapelle in paris .
F	however , in 1985 jane tompkins wrote differently about uncle tom 's cabin in her book in sensational designs : the cultural work of american fiction .
M	he said he had no sexual relationship with kusch , that they merely knew each other for 25 years and were good friends , and that beust was kusch 's landlord .
M	he also appeared in the thriller assassins -lrb- 1995 -rrb- with the other stars julianne moore and antonio banderas .
F	she is currently starring in glee as shannon beiste .
F	she was federal minister for special affairs from 1990 to 1991 , and under-secretary of state for health between 1991 and 1998 .
M	his most famous role was that of atticus finch in the 1962 film to kill a mockingbird , for which he won his academy award .
F	these saints have sworn to defend the reincarnation of the greek goddess athena in her battle against the other olympian gods who want to dominate earth .
M	in 2007 , the canadian film company , cci entertainment of toronto , made a documentary film about both friedrich kellner and his grandson robert scott kellner .
F	in the final clijsters came from a set down to claim her first australian open title .
M	as a boy , he worked in a porcelain factory where his drawing talents led to him being chosen to paint designs on fine china .
M	his first marriage , to plautia urgulanilla , occurred after two failed betrothals .
M	he also played professor xavier in the x-men movies .
M	smith states , '' -lrb- t -rrb- he emphasis is different now .
M	after pierre 's death , a group of scientists at the radiology congress decided to honor him by naming the unit of radioactivity a curie .
M	adams was later found guilty of 13 other crimes - prescription fraud , lying on cremation forms , obstructing a police search and failing to keep a register of the dangerous drugs he used .
M	soon he stopped lecturing to write stories and letters .
M	he plays for blackburn rovers .
F	finally , she took it upon herself to hand-paint a white stripe down the middle of the road .
F	she is now married there to her third husband .
F	`` if i were a boy '' - is a song by american r&b singer beyoncã knowles , written by toby gad , bc jean and beyoncã knowles for her third solo album , i am ... sasha fierce -lrb- 2008 -rrb- .
M	the platforms and elevators are guarded by creatures -lrb- also known as zubs -rrb- but each planet has a different sub-species - for example the first level 's zub resembles a gyroscope whilst he fourth level zub is a fish .
M	the match began with hart attacking helmsley with his fists before sliding out of the ring , when triple h tried to jump from the end of the ring he landed on the crowd barrier .
M	he started his career as a professor of mathematics at the university of lausanne .
M	he was then replaced by former starter josh mccown .
M	he also appeared on several tv shows , such as house as a cab driver , punk 'd as a mob boss , and another world as logan .
M	he visited paris again in 1662 .
F	she was the daughter of laura and william smith .
M	he won 30 out of the 48 games , but boston lost to the maple leafs once again in the playoffs .
F	she then was on the oprah winfrey show in 2004 and helped american people with their clothes and appearance .
M	after leveque 's final fight with forcier on february 10 , 2002 , he would fight chad nicholson in the closing minutes of the same game .
F	she received the teen choice award for choice actress and saturn award for best actress -lrb- tv -rrb- for her role in dark angel , along with a golden globe nomination .
M	he wrote haiku .
F	she has written the finished book daughters of the moon and sons of the dark line of books .
M	a few laugh and taunt him .
M	kunieda won his fourth australian open in a row , his fifth overall .
F	names are not male and female , and a daughter often bears her fathers name .
F	her lady-in-waiting , madame de motteville , wrote the story of the queen 's life in her mã moires d'anne d'autriche .
M	he plays for real madrid and germany national team .
F	her family , in the new moral order of the day , wanted to see her rejoin her husband after a separation of thirty-five years , but she refused .
M	besides the history of augustus ' reign , his major works included an etruscan history and eight volumes on carthaginian history , as well as an etruscan dictionary and a book on dice playing .
M	a man who often has problems having or keeping an erection of his penis is said to have erectile dysfunction .
M	do you not see how much he eats and drinks every day ? ''
M	however , he was actually on a cbs sound stage in hollywood -lrb- with a live audience -rrb- that was made up to look like the site .
M	gwangi is billed as an allosaurus , though ray harryhausen based his model for the creature on charles r. knight 's depiction of a tyrannosaurus .
M	he won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1975 for discovering reverse transcriptase which he shared with howard temin and renato dulbecco .
F	she later became a choreographer and television producer .
M	in december 1798 , the french occupied turin and forced charles emmanuel to abdicate all his territories on the italian mainland and to withdraw to the island of sardinia .
M	marr rose to fame in the 1980s as the guitarist in the smiths , where he formed an influential songwriting partnership with morrissey .
F	at the age of ten she moved to los angeles , california , with her mother for a career in both acting and singing .
M	he was an american astronaut , an american aviator and a former astronaut , test pilot , aerospace engineer , university professor , and united states naval aviator and the first person to set foot on the earth 's moon .
M	during all these years , his sister fatima jinnah took care of jinnahâ s affairs , both at home and outside .
F	she next posed for bert stern for vogue in a series of photographs that included several nudes .
M	a boy 's semen only becomes like an adult man 's semen about two years after his first ejaculation .
M	thompson played only five games in the 1938 â `` 39 season , because the bruins decided to replace him with frank brimsek .
M	he married olivia mariamne fancourt , who was a widow of jacob cassivelaun fancourt , an assistant surgeon in madras who had died in 1800 .
F	she later played the same role in grace & favour , which ran from 1992 to 1993 .
M	he has played for italy national team .
M	his son , michael fogolin , played for the prince george cougars in the whl and died in his sleep on may 26 , 2004 of a possible heart condition .
M	after talking about it with his patent attorney at lunch , he did experiments using rubber cups .
F	many theories , including murder , circulated about the way she died and the timeline after the body was found .
M	the count enters , angry at the information in the note that he has received from figaro -lrb- given to him by basilio -rrb- , hears a noise from the cupboard , and tries to open it , but it is locked .
F	tracey ullman -lrb- born december 30 , 1959 -rrb- is a british-born , now u.s. citizen comedian , actress , singer , dancer , screenwriter , and author , who is most famous for being the host of her variety television show .
M	he wanted to give the men and women who attended his college to be able to get jobs and `` raise the standard of living among their people . ''
F	her ideas on morals have the same depth of judgment and delicacy of feeling as those of janitresses and kept women ...
M	here , he made an impression with his elegant manner of dress , and his clever remarks .
F	the national endowment for the arts gave her its `` highest honor in jazz , '' the nea jazz masters award , in 1989 .
F	people of her time has described priscilla as attractive and intelligent .
F	barton is still in the church ; however , in 2001 she gave her position to long-time members peter h. gilmore and peggy nadramia , the current high priest and high priestess and publishers of the black flame , the magazine of the church of satan .
M	along with paul simon , he was part of the duo simon and garfunkel , a popular group in the 1960s and early 1970s .
F	she portrays d'anna biers , a reporter with the fleet news service who works on a critical documentary about the crew of the galactica and is later revealed to be a cylon .
F	during this time , her agent want to her with the script for the first episode of the television show will & grace .
F	after months of following her path of the way of love , gabrielle picks up the sword of a paralyzed xena and fights off a large group roman soldiers with incredible skill .
F	she is married to richard leakey , the son of louis and mary leakey .
M	between his 110th and 111th birthdays allingham made over 60 public appearances , including a visit to the oval on 5 june 2007 -lrb- the day before his 111th birthday -rrb- , where he was wheeled around the boundary in front of the spectators .
M	mid-way in the match , michaels hit angle with low blow , after he countered a suplex attack from angle .
M	jari kurri reached 600 goals in his career , finishing with 601 .
F	the west wing , in her opinion , gave greater depth to the political process usually espoused only in stilted talking points on shows like face the nation and meet the press .
M	furthermore , pericles fostered athenian democracy to such an extent that critics call him a populist .
F	a medical examination found that there were no illegal drugs in her system .
F	she loved composing , so her parents let her study composition with anton reicha at the paris conservatoire .
M	in 1955 he took up a job in pune , in the rural programming department of the government 's all india radio -lrb- air -rrb- station .
M	he has played for brazil national team .
F	it is her third novel .
F	she has also appeared on television , including a tv movie and episodes of the jury and law & order .
M	he did , however , play other billiard games .
M	he plays for tochigi uva .
M	he was one of the youngest directors in the country .
F	she also sang `` toucha toucha touch me '' -lrb- aka `` creature of the night '' -rrb- at vh-1 's celebrity karaoke tribute to the rocky horror picture show .
F	she lived alone in stockholm after graduating high school .
M	he said that the first tobacco on german soil was brought by the jews and that they controlled the tobacco industry in amsterdam , the principal european entry point of nicotiana .
M	he was the brother-in-law of louis xvi , louis xviii and charles x of france .
M	his attention to cleaning his teeth , shaving and bathing daily became popular .
M	with eugene placed into a camel clutch hold while daivari verbally attacked him , hulk hogan came down to the ring to save eugene from the assault , knocking hassan and daivary out of the ring .
M	despite his political rank , and his high status on the fbi 's wanted list , not much is publicly known about omar .
M	cranach had three sons , all artists : john lucas cranach , who died at bologna in 1536 ; hans cranach , whose life is obscure ; and lucas cranach the younger -lrb- 1515-1586 -rrb- who took over his father 's workshop after his death .
F	she was able to overcome difficult points about the dowry and the position of orkney .
M	however , he soon recanted this decision .
M	according to tradition , a praetorian named gratus found him hiding behind a curtain and suddenly declared him emperor .
F	phuc had third-degree burns to half her body and was not expected to live .
M	one said how king kamehameha i flew a british flag , given to him by british explorer captain george vancouver as a token of friendship with king george iii .
M	this was repeated in 2007 's comic con where joss said that he would `` absolutely would be returning to that world . ''
M	in august 1921 de valera had dã il ã ireann change the 1919 dã il constitution to upgrade his title from prime minister to president of the republic .
M	like many of his generation , montesquieu held a number of views that might today be judged controversial .
M	in the east , galerius remained augustus and maximinus remained his caesar .
F	lilo thinks stitch is not behaving right , until she finds out that stitch is dying .
F	early in the twentieth century , scholars made a collection of her works -lrb- the first for any british novelist -rrb- .
F	she has the power to orb things to her .
F	diana said camilla parker-bowles was responsible for the problems with her marriage .
F	she is the daughter of greek actor john aniston .
M	many years after his death , in 1987 , toscanini was awarded the grammy lifetime achievement award .
M	an anecdote about wright , disclaimed by wright himself , describes a lecture during which wright tucked an unruly guinea pig under his armpit , where he usually held a chalkboard eraser : at the end of the lecture , wright absent-mindedly erased the blackboard with the guinea pig .
F	she set up a center for young war victims , called `` the hampstead war nursery '' .
F	hippolyta goes to consult with hera , she tells hippolyta to lead an attack on the village
M	no decision on a salary for the ex-mayor has been made , although he mentioned that , `` the whole cost of this trip has been paid for by the government of venezuela and as an unemployed citizen i would not be able to pay for my own fare otherwise . ''
M	worth made a few simple dresses for his wife and customers started to ask for copies of the dresses as well .
F	she was in several popular films during the 1950s , and got bafta award nominations for her performances in bhowani junction -lrb- 1956 -rrb- , on the beach -lrb- 1959 -rrb- and the night of the iguana -lrb- 1964 -rrb- .
M	when he was 35 , edison married mina miller , who was 19 .
M	perhaps his most successful season was the 2008 â `` 09 season .
M	as a producer and a musician , he is noted for a dark , rich and layered sound and a whispering lyrical style .
F	she is one of the best known female artists of traditional pop .
F	she appeared in the simple plan music video , `` i 'm just a kid '' , as the band 's love interest , as well as nickelback 's video for `` rockstar '' .
M	one of his best-known stories is the scarlet letter , published in 1850 .
M	in 1934 , fisher moved to increase the power of scientists within the eugenics society , but was ultimately thwarted by members with an environmentalist point of view , and he , along with many other scientists , resigned .
F	currently , she postponed going to university in order to concentrate on her career .
F	john marshall , one of the excavators at mohenjo-daro , described her as a vivid impression of the young ... girl , her hand on her hip in a half-impudent posture , and legs slightly forward as she beats time to the music with her legs and feet .
F	she resigned her office on january 2 , 2007 in order to be sworn in to congress on january 4 , 2007 .
M	he was put into prison and later banned from berlin .
F	her next film role was in shawn levy 's comedy date night .
M	on september 29 , 1947 , he revealed the pl 21 precepts , the basic teachings of pl .
F	she wrote several books about famous clarinet players of the past .
F	she then appeared on the stage of a rival theater , covent garden , from time to time .
F	she opened her first bordello in 1920 , under the protection of mobster dutch schultz and a friend of mobster charles `` lucky '' luciano .
F	cyrus ' father is billy ray cyrus and her mother is leticia `` tish '' cyrus .
M	in october 1981 , he started to work as bureau chief and was a close collaborator of federal finance minister hans matthã fer and his successor manfred lahnstein .
F	it was the first of eight multi-album `` songbook '' sets that she would record for verve between 1956 and 1964 .
F	at the age of 11 , gaga started going to convent of the sacred heart , a private roman catholic school on manhattan 's upper east side , but has often said her family was n't rich , saying that her parents `` both came from lower-class families , so we 've worked for everything â `` my mother worked eight to eight out of the house , in telecommunications , and so did my father . ''
F	louise herself is compelled to become involved in federation government reform and joined a-laws as a mobile suit pilot during the four-year gap , using her family inheritance to fund a-laws research .
M	in the two books `` darwin 's radio '' and `` darwin 's children '' he writes about the problem of overpopulation with a mutation the human genome making , basically a new series of humans .
F	since december 2005 she has her own star plate on the bulgarian walk of fame .
M	he plays for monaco and korea republic national team .
F	she was the eldest of six children of the stonemason albert and the nursemaid emma timms .
M	though he had initially worked in trade associations , stresemann soon became a leader of the national liberal party in saxony .
F	her arrival interested people from all over the world , because many sources thought the two bears -lrb- although they were sexually immature -rrb- would soon be `` dating '' .
F	it was on her 1966 album wild is the wind
M	he plays for roasso kumamoto .
F	she asked her husband to give her a grove of mulberry trees , where she could keep the worms that made these cocoons .
M	he plays for atlã tico madrid and portugal national team .
F	this puts her as one of the highest ranking singers in the country .
F	she won the clarence derwent award for this play and was nominated for a tony award .
M	on december 28 , 1918 , he became the first goaltender to have an assist , on a goal by newsy lalonde , who had took the puck after a save by vã zina .
M	he was a minister for finance and teachta dã la -lrb- td member of parliament -rrb- for cork south in the first dã il of 1919 .
M	while bush was governor of texas , gonzales was part of his general counsel , and later was the secretary of state of texas and then was on the texas supreme court .
F	this mirrors the portrayal of ratri `` night '' in the rig-veda , where she works in close cooperation but also tension with her sister ushas `` dawn '' .
F	her death in ad 29 changed all that .
F	she became a prisoner there when the privy council decided to change sides and proclaim mary as queen on 19 july 1553 .
F	toft was eventually released without charge and returned to her home .
F	nyx had other children on her own .
F	leakey arranged funding and in 1962 sent goodall , who had no degree , to cambridge university where she obtained a phd degree in ethology .
M	he was organist at hertford college , oxford but left oxford without taking his degree .
M	elder son of julius henry and his second wife .
F	sid tries to get with michelle , but tony takes her back before anything happens .
F	she can talk with the soul of damayanti and make a woman named lenore appear .
F	she has also appeared with her sister in the mtv movie , super sweet 16 : the movie .
M	hendrix finished middle school but did not graduate from his high school , garfield high school .
M	he is a french-born chinese american .
F	that is why grandma gallagher was against her granddaughter performing .
M	he is reported to have suffered from shy-drager syndrome .
F	dinah shore -lrb- real name : frances rose shore , march 1 , 1917 - february 24 , 1994 -rrb- was an american singer and host of her own talk show .
F	as the couple 's celebrity increased in the mid-1910s , irene castle became a major fashion trendsetter , with her bobbed hair and shorter skirts .
M	they named him ray brown , jr. .
F	eventually , hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city , which has been taken over by hera 's blue monks .
F	she was born in st. james 's palace and died of natural causes in the richmond palace at the age of three .
M	in 1939 he was appointed a papal chamberlain of the sword and cape , one of the highest honors the papacy bestowed on a layman , which today is styled a gentlemen of his holiness .
M	he accepted a plaque honoring the twenty-fifth anniversary of his mlb debut , but also said , `` i 'm going to be tremendously more pleased and more proud when i look at that third base coaching line one day and see a black face managing in baseball . ''
F	her paranoia and loneliness begin to drive her insane .
F	i heard my country calling , away across the sea , across the waste of waters she calls and calls to me .
F	when she lived , maria was not old enough to be a red cross nurse like her sisters .
F	her dispute with 20th century fox was resolved , and her contract renewed into a $ 1 million two-picture deal .
F	mineko iwasaki , born masako tanaka on november 2 1949 in kyoto , was japan 's number one geiko -lrb- geisha -rrb- until she retired at the age of 29 .
M	he invented the terms palaeolithic and neolithic to denote the old and new stone ages respectively , but more notable was his introduction of a darwinian view of human nature .
M	when hunting season comes he takes the dogs and goes on a hunting trip .
M	he had a trigonometric table .
F	her fatherâ s name was amos kling .
F	people also called her `` lady ella '' , the `` queen of jazz '' and the `` first lady of song '' .
F	years later , she would reflect fondly about the time that she spent with lower , whom she affectionately called `` aunt ana . ''
M	while day-dreaming he snaps back to reality at the dinner table to find the dog eating his dinner .
F	in an august 2008 interview with the daily mail , perry 's mother , mary hudson , who is an evangelical christian preacher , was reported as saying that she disliked the song , stating : `` it clearly promotes homosexuality and its message is shameful and disgusting ... '' however , perry took to her official blog stating that her mother 's supposed comments were completely fabricated , while also saying her parents love and support her and attend many of her shows .
F	i tried so hard to sound just like her . ''
M	the plot chronicles the exploits of michael , a teenager who is using marijuana and stealing his father 's beer .
F	occasionally her tendency to exaggerate and glamorize the facts gets her into trouble .
M	he had been senior vice president and executive editor of the paper when hearst corp. bought the chronicle .
M	perhaps the best-known instance of purgatory in the arts is dante 's purgatorio , the second book of his divine comedy .
F	she tries to explain things to her father , but this attempt is unsuccessful .
M	the first section of the meritorious service record describes his work in japan :
M	he was the first person to hold the position of first minister following the establishment of the scottish parliament in 1999 .
F	she had three titles : minister for education ; minister for employment and workplace relations ; and minister for social inclusion .
M	jacka was the first australian to win the vc during the first world war , receiving the medal for his actions during the gallipoli campaign .
M	at new york 1893 , he won all thirteen games , one of the few times in chess history that a player has achieved a perfect score in a significant tournament .
F	she followed this success with her next come-back single , `` haru no katami '' -lrb- æ ã ã ã ã , `` haru no katami '' -rrb- , the ending theme for the anime ayakashi - japanese classic horror .
F	she remarked , `` i think marianne & me are very like in disposition , that certainly i am not so good , the same imprudence , & tc '' .
F	at the height of her fame and success , she scandalized the world , when she began an affair with italian director roberto rossellini , while still married to her first husband dr. peter lindstrã m. she and rossellini were eventually married in 1950 .
M	in the 1960s , he moved to los angeles to start a recording career , he wrote the song `` different drum '' which was a hit for linda ronstadt and the stone poneys .
F	and she responded :
F	the colonies they set up throughout the mediterranean , though they counted a greek polis as their ` mother ' -lrb- and remain sympathetic to her -rrb- , were completely independent of the founding city .
F	in 1941 she married benny kornegay , a convicted drug dealer .
M	he has played for brazil national team .
F	together they had a son , john , and a daughter , vivienne , who died after a long illness in 1985 , shortly before her eighteenth bithday .
F	she had not realized it was frank fontaine who purchased the son , leading to her death by an angry ryan .
M	he started playing football with kampala city council in 1998 .
M	in 1955 , they met tenzin gyatso , his holiness the 14th dalai lama .
M	he has a daughter named sarona reiher who is currently working for the wwe under the ring name , tamina and his son is named jimmy reiher , jr. who wrestled for the wwe under the ring names , domino and sim snuka .
F	marie mcdonald mclaughlin lawrie -lrb- born 3 november 1948 -rrb- , best known by her stage name lulu , is a scottish pop singer .
M	he served the second time from 1982 to 1992 .
M	on november 5 , 2008 , he was named to the advisory board of the obama-biden transition project .
F	fawcett was also a pop culture figure whose hairstyle was emulated by millions of young women and whose poster sales broke records , making her an international sex symbol in the 1970s and 1980s .
F	she played the lead character in the supernatural drama series medium .
M	mario and his mother moved to pennsylvania to live at a cooperative community which had been started by his uncle .
M	his church was called the `` people 's temple '' .
M	he was born april 7 , 1964 .
M	he plays for real salt lake and costa rica national team .
M	he plays for west bromwich albion .
M	during the san diego comic-con , it was announced that a reunion between zuko and his mother , ursa had been arranged , and made into a storyboard .
F	she made the cover of tv guide on the july 29 , 2000 to august 42000 issue as `` one of `` the sexiest stars in the universe '' .
F	her parents were mary wollstonecraft , a feminist , and william godwin , a philosopher .
F	she sings many kinds of music , including rock , pop , country , and gospel .
M	the current lord chancellor is kenneth clarke , who as with his predecessor jack straw is also secretary of state for justice .
F	in 1551 she married william the silent in buren .
M	upon this attack , all his men were killed , and his life was spared by a man called the painted man .
F	when she was young , maria once ran away from her bath and ran naked -lrb- without clothes -rrb- all around the palace .
M	in 1994 , he headed the department of defense 's task force on persian gulf war health effects , which investigated gulf war syndrome .
M	in 1980 , he was featured prominently in an nbc documentary titled `` if japan can ... why ca n't we ? ''
F	following her death , then 114-year-old edna parker became the new world 's oldest living person .
M	he plays for birmingham city and scotland national team .
M	to promote the new kindle , author stephen king has made his new book named `` ur '' only available through kindle .
F	she had several printing ads and commercials such as : `` mary kate and ashley online clothing '' , `` every girl '' , `` stand up '' , and `` bratz-pretty 'n' punk & treasures '' .
F	presidentâ s wife anna harrison was very ill , and she could not go out of their home in ohio , when her husband moved to take up the presidency .
F	when her piggy bank goes missing , her cartoon tie-in toys come to life to help her find it .
M	he was descended from jews who were made to converted to catholicism after 1492 .
F	she received good reviews as lestrange , as she was described as a `` shining but underused talent . ''
M	following his amazing performance in rocky , critic roger ebert had once said stallone could become the next marlon brando , although he never received the same critical praise achieved with rocky .
M	he also wrote many articles and introductions to story collections .
M	samuel spring , his chaplain , carried him to the makeshift hospital at the hotel dieu .
M	possibly more than any other aspect of constable 's work , the oil sketches reveal him to be an avant-garde painter , one who showed that landscape painting could be taken in a totally new direction .
F	mother rabbit told her children not to go into the garden of mr. mcgregor .
F	in 2007 , she played her first starring role as well as her first theatrical role , in the theatrical motion picture bratz : the movie , as `` meredith baxter dimly '' , the film 's primary antagonist .
M	moreover , he engaged in a pursuit of every possible rival , inviting them to the palace with promises of power only to have them assassinated .
F	she debuted with the chicago symphony orchestra in march of 2007 .
F	during late 2009 she appeared in the swedish reality show -lrb- svenska hollywoodfruar -rrb- which followed three swedish women who had left sweden for a life in hollywood .
F	lawless stated that after the series finale , where gabrielle revives xena with a mouth-to-mouth water transfer filmed to look like a full kiss , she had come to believe that xena and gabrielle 's relationship was `` definitely gay ... there was always a ` well , she might be or she might not be ' but when there was that drip of water passing between their lips in the very final scene , that cemented it for me .
F	the act closes with the double wedding , during the course of which susanna delivers her letter to the count .
F	at the age of six she saw her father drown .
M	to ease the pain , he started injecting himself with morphine .
F	she was born july 8 , 1986 in gibraltar .
F	in some cases a beard , -lrb- probably representing streaks of blood -rrb- was added to her chin , making her appear as a wild and sexual god , like dionysus .
M	in 1675 , the house gave john bunyan the idea for the ` house beautiful ' in his book the pilgrim 's progress .
F	she has an older brother named chris , who is a grocery store manager , and her biological father walter is a finance manager .
F	she first appeared early in the strip as a new student in calvin 's class .
M	tara did n't blow his mind out , but it was in my mind when i was writing that verse .
M	he goes to a notary to get a marriage contract made between himself and rosina .
F	she was in peru when she became very sick .
M	after the lunatic asylum for the rest of his life had problems , olimpia kutusoff , mate of cafiero , returned from russia in september 1883 to assist him in the asylum of imola .
F	wood 's first role as a leading movie actress was in 2002 's little secrets , and she became well known after changing to a more adult-orientated golden globe-nominated role in the critically acclaimed thirteen -lrb- 2003 -rrb- .
F	fox network thought she did well , so they made her the co-star of the television sitcom , ned and stacey .
F	gaga says much of her early success is thanks to her gay fans and is often called a `` rising gay icon . ''
M	talakoski was found dead by thunder bay fire and rescue services after a short search near pier 3 in thunder bay , after having been reported missing from his residence .
M	in order to replace him , former reach the sky guitarist chris chasse joined in 2004 and they released their first album on geffen records , siren song of the counter culture .
M	girls are betrothed at six or seven , and the husband-elect continually makes small presents to his father-in-law-elect till the bride reaches womanhood .
M	in his italian campaign , hannibal always was able to have more cavalry than rome , and so relied on them and maharbal to give himself a big advantage .
M	he was the great-grandfather of noah and son of jared in the bible .
F	her stories were written in english and translated into french , italian , german , spanish , dutch , japanese , korean , turkish , greek , finnish , hungarian , swedish , portuguese and hebrew .
F	from the 1950s until the end of her life freud traveled regularly to the united states to lecture , teach and visit friends .
M	he played for several years in the minor leagues and europe before becoming the boston bruins ' starting goaltender .
M	he is outlived by his life partner , christopher lyall .
F	rachel and her friends go on vacation to mexico , and chloe gets dognapped by an evil mexican dognapper who at first wants to use her in dog fights but sees her value and wishes to put her at randsome -lrb- have the owners have to pay money to get her back -rrb- .
F	she underwent surgery to fix a blockage in her fallopian tubes in may .
M	he is the father of actress bridget fonda and brother of actress jane fonda .
M	during the cycling road race , danish cyclist knud enemark jensen fell from his bicycle and later died .
F	she starts out with a blue portal that lets her go through orange portals that glados puts in the rooms .
M	he plays for montedio yamagata .
M	he plays for albirex niigata singapore .
M	he is buried at turin cathedral .
F	diana 's full title , while married , was her royal highness the princess charles philip arthur george , princess of wales and countess of chester , duchess of cornwall , duchess of rothesay , countess of carrick , baroness of renfrew , lady of the isles , princess of scotland .
M	he has played for australia national team .
M	during his commentary for the 2008 summer olympics , edwards said that during the 1995 world championships , he felt as if `` he could jump as far as he needed to '' .
M	his result in the strong 2003 corus tournament at wijk aan zee was not as good â `` despite having the third highest rating , he finished only joint eleventh out of fourteen players with 6\/13 , and at linares the same year he finished only fifth out of seven with 5 â 1\/2 \/ 12 .
F	she received 222 votes out of more than 5.6 million votes cast in the election .
M	he became involved with the society for the study of evolution in 1946 , and was one of the few botanists in the new organization .
M	he then studied at the rugby school -lrb- where he lived in lewis carroll 's study room -rrb- .
M	even people who know about nietzsche call him a nihilist -lrb- someone who likes nihilism .
M	as of january 2011 , andrew neiderman has written 100 published novels , between the v. c. andrews books and the books published with his name .
F	after saying no what she considered to be inferior parts in the girl in the red velvet swing and how to be very , very popular , monroe decided to leave hollywood on the advice of milton greene .
M	it was started by fat mike -lrb- lead singer and bassist of the punk rock band nofx -rrb- and his wife , erin , in 1990 .
M	he plays for vegalta sendai .
F	her teachers were richard hauser , and later wilhelm kempff and stefan askenase .
F	on 10 may 2006 , however , she was reported to be considering quitting the series , although she did express an interest in playing a female version of the doctor in the future -lrb- possibly related to a proposed doctor who spin-off series about rose which was later dropped -rrb- .
F	mirza picked up her first grand slam title at the 2009 australian open .
M	castelao spent his childhood and adolescence in santa rosa de toay , argentina .
F	she studied at the conservatoire de paris .
M	the twentieth animated feature in the list of disney animated features , the movie is based on a story by tom mcgowan and tom rowe , and is about a family of cats , and how an alley cat helps them after their butler edgar has catnapped them to gain his mistress ' fortune which was meant to go to them .
F	she began performing and touring in a crossover duo with singer-songwriter josh ritter in 2005 and -lrb- early 2007 -rrb- with singer-songwriter tom brosseau .
F	her first months at the white house marked the mourning for the death of rachel donelson jackson .
F	it was named in april 2007 after bã binn , an early irish mythology goddess of birth , renowned for her beauty .
F	she is an icelandic rock singer , composer and actress .
M	in the odyssey of homer , legend says that , after the trojan war , a greek official named menestheus escaped with his troops through the straits of gibraltar .
M	he began working as an assistant -lrb- helper -rrb- for frits bolkestein in 1990 .
M	he plays for roma .
F	the female does not hunt during the roughly one-month period spent taking care of the unhatched eggs and may ingest some of her own arms for sustenance .
M	he and his wife izanami created many islands , deities , and forefathers of japan .
M	he was promoted to captain in 1781 , and given command of the ariadne .
F	clark studied at the university of auckland , where she graduated with a ma -lrb- honours -rrb- in 1974 .
F	jess tells her that she should not brag about them .
F	anna first tells her story in the 1920s when she is at a berlin asylum .
M	in 1826 he entered the royal academy of music , where he spent ten years studying .
F	for example she often sings traditional songs with just a piano .
M	he won an award for best video part by transworld skateboarding magazine and a reader 's choice award for his work in the video .
M	rudolph -lrb- also radulf , ralph , or raoul -rrb- -lrb- died 15 january 936 -rrb- was the duke of burgundy between 921 and 923 and king of france from july 13 , 923 until his death .
F	she married her first cousin humbert -lrb- umberto -rrb- on april 21 , 1868 .
F	she plays right-handed and turned pro in 2000 .
M	kurzanov was so convinced they were attachment points for feathers that he concluded that avimimus may have been capable of weak flight .
M	dan simmons -lrb- born april 4 , 1948 in peoria , illinois -rrb- is an american writer best known for his hugo award-winning series called thehyperion cantos , and for his locus-winning ilium\/olympos cycle .
F	reporting on the competition , the new york times stated : `` miss balukas showed signs of strong title contention throughout the tournament play as she defeated six opponents with precision shooting and near flawless strategy . ''
M	hercules and iolaus finally reach his mother 's house , after a short chat with alcmene , iolaus invites them both for dinner , then leaves .
M	munroe 's method of making pencils was painstakingly slow , and in the neighbouring town of acton , a pencil mill owner named ebenezer wood set out to automate the process at his own pencil mill located at nashoba brook along the old davis road .
F	in june 2007 nash performed at many summer music festvals , for example , o2 wireless festival , the bestival , electric gardens , glastonbury festival and the latitude festival , she also played at the reading and leeds festivals , oxegen and t in the park , as well as other festivals .
M	since 1952 scrooge mcduck has appeared in his own comic book series , called uncle scrooge .
F	she is known for winning the fifth series of the x factor uk in 2008 .
F	she was also known as fanny burney .
M	the same year , he was one of the people who started the `` bund nationalsozialistischer bã 1\/4 hnen - und filmkã 1\/4 nstler '' -lrb- `` union of national-socialist stage and movie artists '' -rrb- , which was later called `` kameradschaft deutscher kã 1\/4 nstler '' -lrb- `` fellowship of german artists '' -rrb- after hitler began to rule germany in 1933 .
M	he had established decent relationships with george washington , commander of the army , as well as philip schuyler and horatio gates , both of whom had command of the army 's northern department during 1775 and 1776 .
M	he also went to lebanon .
M	after the murder of sennacherib by two of his sons , his successor esarhaddon hastened to rebuild the old city .
M	his best known works are the rhymes and the legends , usually published together as rimas y leyendas .
M	in 1794 , he was a candidate for election to the united states house of representatives , and obtained all the votes cast in woburn but one .
F	she had a projecting tooth under the upper lip , and on her right hand six fingers -lrb- which historians now say is not true -rrb- .
M	he plays for vissel kobe .
F	in october , she made a tour of canada and visited president harry s truman in washington , d.c. .
F	starting in 1929 , she participated in a number of hastings international tournaments .
F	her father 's new wife , the lady oonagh , attacks sorcha and her brothers .
M	colin kolles also replaced him as team principal .
F	she later agreed and james iv became king james i of england -lrb- as well as wales and ireland -rrb- in 1603 .
M	working at hamilton college in clinton , new york -lrb- near utica -rrb- , he was a good finder of asteroids , finding 48 of them , beginning with 72 feronia in 1861 and ending with 287 nephthys in 1889 .
M	in oedipus at colonus , the banished oedipus and his daughters antigone and ismene arrive at the town of colonus where they encounter theseus , king of athens .
M	he took time off from his job to serve in the u.s. army in world war i and fought in france .
M	he played at the nanjing pearl spring tournament in september -- october 2009 .
F	she could read and write a little but was much better at needlework and managing the house .
M	famous existentialists include fyodor dostoevsky , jean-paul sartre , friedrich nietzsche , sã ren kierkegaard , samuel beckett , martin heidegger , albert camus -lrb- although he did not think of himself as an existentialist and had his own theory of the absurd -rrb- , and simone de beauvoir .
M	he plays for uniã # o sã # o joã # o.
M	before joining metallica , he was the founding member of another band called exodus .
M	but he and his soldiers were attacked by matabele warriors .
F	she later married prince rainier iii of monaco and became her serene highness the princess of monaco .
M	he also made guest appearances on the tv series police story and kojak .
F	she is also shown telling stories for money in an inn .
M	in march 2001 , he was reading an inuit story to his children and had a revelation .
F	when she had sought to compete against men as the only woman she had heard insults from some men , such as `` iâ m gonna put on a dress and go play with the women '' .
F	gretchen discovers she is pregnant .
F	kisamor means `` the mother in kisa '' in english , and kisa was the place were she worked .
F	she was tortured for three months by gertrude baniszewski -lrb- nã e van fossan -rrb- , gertrude 's children , and other young people from their neighborhood , and eventually murdered on october 26 , 1965 .
M	nothing else is known of his life or reign .
M	he was however buried in vienna .
F	she was born with the name maria skå odowska in warsaw , poland .
F	she has written over thirty books and has won many awards , including the children 's book council of australia book of the year award three times , the victorian premier 's literary award , the aurealis award for science fiction , the australian ibby award , and the davitt award for crime fiction .
F	at the autopsy , eight milligram percent of chloral hydrate and 4.5 milligram percent of nembutal were found in her system .
F	she went to ravensbourne school in bromley .
F	her fatherâ s name was thomas apthorpe cooper .
M	when horowitz returned to the united states , president ronald reagan gave him the presidential medal of freedom .
M	he plays as a lock .
M	he is a goalkeeper .
F	a few years after her mother 's recovery , carter 's father became deaf in one ear while on holiday in greece .
F	the 56 annual eurovision song contest will be held in dã 1\/4 sseldorf -lrb- germany -rrb- , due to germany 's first place with their singer lena meyer-landrut with her song `` satellite '' in the eurovision song contest 2010 in oslo -lrb- norway -rrb- .
M	smokey had climbed a tree to get away from the fire , but his paws and hind legs had been burned .
F	barbara mcclintock was awarded the 1983 nobel prize in physiology or medicine `` for her discovery of mobile genetic elements '' .
M	he plays for ehime .
F	she earned a ph.
M	a fund manager -lrb- or `` portfolio manager '' -rrb- decides how to invest the money , and for this he is paid a fee , which comes from the money in the fund .
F	she tries to make telramund brave again .
M	he plays for ankaragã 1\/4 cã 1\/4 .
M	capablanca 's defeat at the hands of richard reti in the fifth round was his first in serious competition in eight years .
F	in january 2002 she released start , which was titled è é é in china .
F	she was voted # 45 on fhm-us and fhm-australia 's 100 sexiest women in -lrb- 2000 -rrb- .
M	historians consider emperor kå gen to be a legendary person ; and the name kå gen-tenn å was created for him posthumously by later generations .
F	as time passed , her confidence in her knowledge increased , and in 1839 she wrote to the magazine of natural history to question their claim that a hooked tooth of the prehistoric shark hybodus represented a new discovery .
M	on 24 february 2006 , ken livingstone was found guilty of bringing his office into disrepute and suspended from office for four weeks , stating that he seemed `` to have failed ... to have appreciated that his conduct was unacceptable '' .
F	u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice has been nicknamed `` warrior princess '' by her staff .
F	kathy could not vote , as she was chosen to enjoy the reward with the chapera tribe .
M	the letter told william that if he were to land in england with a small army , they would rise up and support him .
M	in 2005 , he entered the western australian formula ford championship .
M	he was born in munich and was the eldest son of maximilian i , elector of bavaria and maria anna of austria a daughter of ferdinand ii , holy roman emperor .
M	he acted as the 31st governor of wyoming .
F	she is especially remembered for her singing of the music of mozart and richard strauss , but she also sang in other composers ' operas ; the title role in puccini 's madama butterfly , marie in alban berg 's wozzeck , eva in der meistersinger von nã 1\/4 rnberg , blanche in poulenc 's dialogues des carmã lites , and the title role in janã ä ek 's kã å a kabanovã .
F	maiko learn from their senior geisha and follow them around to every presentation she does .
M	born in scotland , he immigrated to north carolina in 1772 with his parents .
F	she died on 31 december 2002 .
F	she has held the championship a total of four times .
F	from 1995 to 2000 , she was the artistic director of the spitalfields festival in london .
F	this included the epistolary novel -lrb- novel in letters -rrb- , which she tried and did not like .
F	she has appeared on many daytime dramas since the mid-1970s .
F	afterwards , she was banned from competing in high school sports .
F	in the late 60s and early 70s , she dueted with bill anderson , on a number of hits that hit the top 10 , including the no.
M	in his account morrell wrongly records the position of this anchorage , placing it in open sea about 60 m south-west of the island 's coastline .
M	alice petry said that atticus has `` become something of a folk hero in legal circles and is treated almost as if he were an actual person . ''
M	he reigned from 1670 to 1723 , and was the elder son of grand duke ferdinando ii of tuscany .
F	in 1774 , siddons had her first success as belvidera in thomas otway 's venice preserved .
F	monroe 's star grew with her acting in films such as gentlemen prefer blondes , how to marry a millionaire , some like it hot , and the seven year itch .
M	he was the son of the general nero claudius drusus , and nephew of emperor tiberius .
M	he went on to devote his most productive years to opposing macedon 's expansion .
F	she had no relationship with her father , who died when she was nine .
F	in the first semifinal li caused an upset , as she saved match point , to defeat the world number one wozniacki in three sets .
F	kim yoon-ok , also called kim yun-ok , -lrb- ê ì ì , 1947 march 26 - -rrb- is the wife of lee myung-bak -- the 17th korean president , so she is the first lady of the republic of korea .
F	she is a five-times japanese national champion , three-times world championships medalist , and 2003-2004 's grand prix final champion .
F	it continued to rise the next week , reaching # 2 just behind her labelmate , coldplay .
M	his plans included all expansions that have brought the stadium to its modern size with an over 100,000 seat capacity .
M	a few years later palahniuk wrote his first new york times bestseller , choke .
F	during `` the hills '' , she started dating spencer pratt .
M	he gave these to the ethnographic museum of zagreb .
M	he was named the first president of port arthur 's little league when it was founded in 1952 and helped found the community 's girls hockey league , serving also as a coach and referee .
M	his distinctive style of facial hair is now known as sideburns , derived from his last name .
M	most of those appearing in the film are not paid performers , but real people whom borat met on his journey .
F	at the 50th grammy awards ceremony , timberlake won the male pop performance award for `` what goes around ... comes around '' , and the dance recording award for `` lovestoned\/i think she knows '' .
F	in 1903 she married john william thompson , with whom she had two sons and a daughter .
F	she was first elected to congress in 1987 .
F	her first book made was printed in 2002 by the publisher arovell verlag .
M	from brentano and stumpf he takes over the distinction between proper and improper presenting .
F	in 1977 she was awarded the title of woman grandmaster .
F	in the 1890s , potter sent illustrated story letters to the children of annie moore , who had used to be her governess .
F	she studied at lycã e de galatasaray , and completed istanbul university with a degree in archaeology .
F	sunghee failed her college exams and left the group .
M	mansell passed berger on lap 57 and soon passed prost on his new tyres .
F	her mother was queen juliana , and her father was prince bernhard of the netherlands .
F	she was told that they were looking for models with lighter hair , so monroe bleach her brunette hair to a golden blonde .
F	chell , trying to escape the building , is led into a room where she fights glados .
M	ironically , his abilities are more functional than math-related .
F	in this novel , liadan grows up in sevenwaters with her twin brother sean and her older sister niamh .
F	she got a teaching certificate at franklin college , and was a teacher for a few years until she married earl parker , who was her next door neighbor .
M	like his contemporary at cambridge , isaac newton , oughtred taught his ideas privately to his students , but delayed in publishing them , and like newton , he became involved in a vitriolic controversy over priority , with his one-time student richard delamain and the prior claims of wingate .
F	in addition , she points out the strength of the women characters .
M	his teachers included herb pomeroy , gary burton , phil wilson , ed bedner and hal crook .
F	her costumes , make-up and hair showed a character who lacked class .
F	she studied in northlands school , in argentina .
M	he married the greek duchess sofia .
M	as alguersuari was a guest driver , he was ineligible to score points .
M	on his eleventh birthday , harry finds that he is a wizard when rubeus hagrid tells him that he is to go hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry .
M	fronto wrote that lucius was on foot at the head of his army as often as on horseback .
M	mata nui also learns that before he was built , there was a previous robot , which the agori use as their home .
M	he had been consul once more than lucius , he had shared in pius ' administration , and he alone was pontifex maximus .
M	though best known for his works in math , including the creation of pascal 's triangle , which is named after him , and developments in the field of probability , pascal was also a scientist .
F	because of this , it is said that her voice has a relaxing effect that has been observed in electroencephalograms taken from the brains of people listening to her singing .
F	among the vespidae , it is thought that the pressures of predators and parasites selected subsocial behavior ; that is , when the mother wasp stays in her brood cell to watch over her larva , it becomes less likely that parasites will be successful in preying on the nest .
M	he was born in milton , massachusetts and was a politician in texas .
F	since 1961 , she had a total of 45 top 40 hits on the billboard hot 100 .
F	hera was not fooled and said that zeus had to give her the cow as a present .
F	she left her five daughters and a son to be looked after by her sister elizabeth branwell .
M	meanwhile , thunderbolt 's `` trusty '' sidekick , lil ' lightning , tells thunderbolt the producers want to replace him with a younger dog .
M	he is remembered for books and poems he wrote like : gulliver 's travels , a modest proposal , a journal to stella , drapier 's letters , the battle of the books , an argument against abolishing christianity , and a tale of a tub .
M	he is known also as marpa lotsawa , which means translator .
F	pocahontas thought that john smith was dead until she went to england .
F	as a child , her family called her `` lilibet '' .
F	jane austen scholar a. walton litz called it the best single introduction to her works .
F	on 29 september 2002 , lila grace , her daughter with dazed & confused editor jefferson hack , was born .
M	he played in the in the national hockey league for the new york rangers and minnesota north stars .
F	her best known roles are marita covarrubias in the movie\/series the x-files and andrea in the walking dead .
F	others in perm later said that they saw anastasia , her mother and sisters in perm after they were killed , but this was only a rumor .
F	she is buried in forbes cemetery .
M	today he is mainly known as a mathematician .
F	but she was `` sheer guile , not to be withstood by men . ''
M	the minister 's role had changed a lot since his father 's day .
M	he later studied geology and mineralogy in new haven , and afterwards paleontology and anatomy in berlin , heidelberg and breslau .
M	avenue victor-hugo , located in shawinigan , quebec , canada , was named to honor him .
M	he is the president of the senate -lrb- government -rrb- of hamburg .
F	police officers were at the door to her room .
M	he majored in literature , and minored in philosophy .
F	dixon 's career began in 1999 when she met sabrina washington when they both joined dance attic -lrb- a popular dance class school in west london -rrb- , and together they formed a duo and recorded a demo titled inspiration .
F	born and raised in glendale , california but moved to south korea to pursue her dreams .
F	she decided to remain with spring awakening , which debuted on broadway in december 2006 .
F	as king christian x of denmark was also the king of iceland at the time of her birth , the princess was given an icelandic name , ã ã rhildur -lrb- spelled with the icelandic thorn character , simplified as `` th '' -rrb- .
F	monroe then traveled alone to korea where she performed for 13,000 american marines over a three-day period .
F	she won the tony award for best performance by a leading actress in a musical , the drama desk award for outstanding actress in a musical , and the outer critics circle award for her performance as sally bowles in the 1998 broadway revival of cabaret .
F	her birth name is barbara pierce .
M	he plays for numancia soria .
M	longfellow often used allegory in his work .
M	there he performed the famous hershey-chase blender experiment with martha chase in 1952 .
M	in 1843 , the famous trafalgar square and nelson 's column were built in london to honor him .
F	at the immunity challenge , ulong again took the lead , but koror 's janu worked though her fragile state and was able to give her team another immunity win .
M	many of his customers traveled to paris from other countries , coming from as far away as new york and boston .
F	on march 26 , 2003 , she teamed with amazing red against kid kashâ '' the x division championâ '' and trinity .
F	she wrote under the pseudonym laurence hope .
F	her primary power deals with light waves , allowing her to render herself and others invisible .
F	monroe would state in her autobiography that she did not feel like a wife ; she enjoyed playing with the neighborhood children until her husband would call her home .
M	he also voiced rabbit in winnie the pooh and a day for eeyore .
M	sturgeon published numerous short story collections during his lifetime , many drawing on his most prolific writing years of the 1940s and 1950s .
M	he went to the curtis institute of music in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
F	astrid lindgren grew up in nã s , near vimmerby , smã land , and many of her books are based on her family and childhood memories .
F	the pot being taken from her by her brothers , she dies of her grief not long after .
M	he played almost no fide-rated games between 1997 and late 2004 .
F	honecker married edith baumann in 1950 and divorced her in 1953 .
M	ultimately fitzgerald made his entry into party politics under the banner of fine gael .
M	if that chancellor needed any laws he could use article 48 .
F	fischer said , `` my mother 's a pianist and i wanted to play the piano as well , but as my elder brother also played the piano , she thought it would be nice to have another instrument in the family .
F	she and her younger brother palaash muchhal perform stage shows across india and abroad to raise funds for the poor children who need money for treatment of heart disease .
F	she developed a reputation as a serious actress , getting the nickname `` the divine sarah . ''
M	hilary james wedgwood benn -lrb- born 26 november 1953 -rrb- is an english politician and since october 2010 he has been the shadow leader of the house of commons .
M	he recorded many lieder with gerald moore , and gave many recitals with him until moore retired in 1967 .
M	while at charterhouse he met his wife , ruth turner , a taxi driver who lived in goldalming , and they were married in 1914 , just six days before britain and germany went to war .
M	he then played romantic leads , notably in the early 1970s bbc television series , the borderers , in which he was swashbuckling gavin ker .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	he married his wife , adrienne , in 1972 .
F	she performed at the the proms in 1963 playing the elgar concerto again , with sir malcolm sargent .
M	harry patch , who died aged 111 on 25 july 2009 was known as the `` last tommy '' because he was the last surviving british soldier who fought in world war i.
F	she was brought up by her father 's parents , and received a libertaria education .
M	deming played flute & drums and composed music throughout his life , including sacred choral compositions and an arrangement of the star spangled banner .
M	public ivy is a term started by richard moll in his 1985 book public ivys : a guide to america 's best public undergraduate colleges and universities .
F	however , polgar requested a postponement because she was pregnant and also fide had been unable to find a satisfactory sponsor .
F	among her most famous songs are `` la vie en rose '' -lrb- 1946 -rrb- , `` hymne ã l'amour '' -lrb- 1949 -rrb- , `` milord '' -lrb- 1959 -rrb- and `` non , je ne regrette rien '' -lrb- 1960 -rrb- .
M	he suffered a nervous breakdown in 1919 , and his career effectively ended .
M	he stated that the ultimate form of scholarly knowledge was history .
M	he then performed his first solo concert in kharkiv in 1920 .
M	after the valve trumpet was invented , composers began to write for trumpet in keys with more flats , so haydn wrote his famous trumpet concerto in the key of e-flat major .
M	he won the german future prize for technology and innovation in 1998 and was named european inventor of the year in the category `` universities and research institutions '' by the european patent office and european commission in 2006 .
M	later he became an american citizen , and married caroline slidell perry , daughter of commodore matthew calbraith perry .
F	janu , the one who lost , felt she had freedom when she left , and chose to quit the game at the next tribal council , which saved stephenie from being voted out for one more round .
M	nebuchadnezzar is also credited with the construction of the hanging gardens of babylon -lrb- one of the seven wonders of the ancient world -rrb- , said to have been built for his homesick wife amyitis .
F	she lost it in an intergender tag team match at summerslam .
F	kirilenko reached # 19 , her career-high singles ranking , on the wta tour in june 2008 .
M	his wife told him the phone had rung while he was out of the room and someone was making a bad joke on them by saying that he had won the nobel prize .
M	if the chairman of dã il ã ireann , called the ceann comhairle , wants to stand for re-election he is does not have to be elected .
M	when kurt waldheim died in june 2007 , he became the oldest living former secretary general of the united nations .
M	lucius left in the summer of 162 to take a ship from brundisium ; marcus followed him as far as capua .
M	in 1937 , he moved to the united states to pursue his interests in biology , taking up research in the biology division at caltech on genetics of the fruit fly drosophila melanogaster .
F	sorcha , the seventh child of irish lord colum of sevenwaters , has been raised by her six older brothers .
F	in the same year , she sang for the first time at the vienna state opera house , singing gilda in verdi 's rigoletto .
M	bodine drove in his first winston cup series race at watkins glen international raceway on august 9 , 1992 .
F	the novel was published in 1788 shortly after she decided to embark on a writing career , an unpopular profession for women in 18th-century britain .
M	he was there for about a year before he saw active service .
M	he was born in sydney , new south wales .
M	he encourages dumbo and tells the circus director to make dumbo the top -lrb- literally -rrb- of an elephant pyramid stunt which ends up literally bringing the house down , and dumbo is given the job of clown .
F	as the ancien rã gime crumbled , she took the name , citoyenne vã ritã , `` citizeness truth '' .
M	bourdais earned his first points in f1 with a 7th place finish at the australian grand prix .
F	she sunk in a blockade of narragansett bay , rhode island in 1778 .
M	through this period , many of his poems speak of death , endurance , separation , and grief .
M	he also created milk chocolate .
M	before gaining his gundam meister codename , he was a child soldier in the war-torn republic of krugis .
M	as a friend once wrote to him , `` no other poet was so fully recognized in his lifetime '' .
F	her first solo album ` into the west ' went platinum in its first week of sales in new zealand , achieving four times platinum sales .
M	he has received many accolades , including five nebula awards and two hugo awards for science fiction .
M	his son drowned in the yarra river .
M	he shortened his signature in this time to `` picasso '' only rather than `` pablo ruiz y picasso '' .
M	he plays for everton and netherlands national team .
F	brã 1\/4 nnhilde protects siegmund with her shield .
M	karl theodor maria nikolaus johann jacob philipp franz joseph sylvester freiherr von und zu guttenberg , known as karl-theodor zu guttenberg was a german politician , he was born in munich , bavaria on 5 december 1971 .
M	he joined the maple leafs in 1936 .
F	the commonwealth could never be liquidated unless its longtime ally , austria , allowed it , and first catherine had to use diplomacy to win austria to her side .
M	niels bohr and his wife margrethe nã rlund bohr had six sons .
M	he worked on invariant theory , the axiomization of geometry , and the notion of hilbert space .
F	she confirmed the structure of penicillin , which ernst chain had proposed , and she worked out the structure of vitamin b12 .
M	since he had enough points to win the championship , hamilton missed the last two races of the season .
M	his work on the evolution of geographically isolated populations , and on evolution above the species level , contributed to the modern synthesis .
F	poet charles baudelaire was a contemporary critic of george sand : `` she is stupid , heavy and garrulous .
M	jem and scout become friends with a boy named charles baker harris , nicknamed dill , who visits maycomb to stay with his aunt in the summer .
F	the video featured many image changes for younha which include her first ever kiss .
M	in 1998 he became secretary for transport and infrastructure of germany under chancellor gerhard schrã der .
M	drafted in the 5th round -lrb- 127th overall -rrb- by the columbus blue jackets during the 2008 nhl entry draft he currently plays with the springfield falcons of the ahl .
M	he says that they could give siegfried a potion -lrb- a special drink -rrb- which would make him forget that he loved brã 1\/4 nnhilde .
M	scar does not die after the fall , but the hyenas attack and kill him the hyenas are angry that scar blamed them .
M	in 1997 , after a marriage engagement to a muslim girl did not work out , he began a yahoo !
M	the tournament was a success , but disappointing for staunton personally ; in the second round he was knocked out by anderssen , who won the tournament convincingly ; and in the play-off for third place staunton was narrowly beaten by elijah williams .
F	her mother was princess helena of waldeck and pyrmont .
F	kelsey gets bored and walks out of the tour to phone her friend , but disturbs the bane mother .
F	mario must go through eight worlds to save her .
F	maggie 's first word spoken in the normal television show of the series happened in `` lisa 's first word '' , when she was voiced by elizabeth taylor and says `` daddy '' in an empty room .
F	she also appeared in the disney channel original movies , minutemen and starstruck .
M	james edwards said that he believed the incident `` just goes to show what incredible pressure everyone in public life is under to never have anything to do with anyone who speaks up for the interests of white people . ''
M	this job he kept until retirement .
F	she attended a medical college in chicago .
M	mr. poe told them that olaf may raise them however he wants .
F	for example , she played with willie mosconi and irving crane who were together considered between 1941 and 1956 the `` best in the world , flat out '' .
M	he was given an enthusiastic reception , played several exhibitions , many casual games , a match for stakes of â # 50 with a wealthy amateur , and slightly more serious matches with new world professionals .
F	it is unclear how she died .
M	approving other theorie , his thoughts are that a sukhoi jet -rrb- was flying below its minimum allowed altitude , and `` without realizing it because of the terrible weather conditions , he passed within 10 or 20 meters of yuri and seregin 's plane while breaking the sound barrier . ''
M	in 1996 he married the romanian soprano angela gheorghiu .
M	he waits for aschenbach and looks straight at him , but aschenbach turns away .
M	he plays for gamba osaka .
F	she is the wife of former prime minister of the united kingdom , tony blair .
M	he was added to the world golf hall of fame in 2006 .
M	the pursuing american army included the marquis de lafayette , who was under orders from washington to summarily hang arnold if he was captured .
F	her translation was first published in 1949 .
M	his brother marzuki stevens is a marathon runner .
F	stefanie was in egypt to shoot a pv for her new album .
M	he also has said that students could use this time to pray , meditate , think , or study .
F	her work on cancer epidemiology was carried on by richard doll and austin bradford hill .
M	he played in 23 test matches for his country .
M	he obtained his doctorate of law in 1991 .
M	he was a leader of the voortrekkers .
M	his viewpoints and methods of achieving them led to him been designated as a terrorist by scholars , journalists from the new york times , the british broadcasting corporation , qatari news station al jazeera , analysts such as peter bergen , michael scheuer , marc sageman , and bruce hoffman and he was indicted on terrorism charges by law enforcement agencies in madrid , new york city , and tripoli .
M	it had dave swarbrick playing fiddle playing on some songs , although he was not named on the album cover .
M	he was given his nickname because to his hometown name , el sobrante .
F	there is also a large body of lore and literature covering her .
F	this report included useful information from franklin about features of dna she had deduced from her x-ray diffraction data .
F	she became active in the american civil rights movement , the anti-war movement , the gay liberation movement and the feminist movement .
M	a turning point for nijinsky was his meeting sergei diaghilev , a celebrated producer of ballet and art exhibitions , who concentrated on promoting russian visual and musical art abroad .
M	he has played for belgium national team .
F	she also trains at wwe 's developmental territory , florida championship wrestling -lrb- fcw -rrb- .
F	chiron says only hercules can help her and points her the man from the temple .
M	the `` dobson unit '' , a convenient measure of the total amount of ozone in a column overhead , is named in his honor .
F	her parents were lady frances brandon and henry grey .
M	`` he took down what he declared was the exact language of lincoln 's associates confirmed his testimony , which was received , as it deserved to be at its face value '' .
M	toronto traded stewart to chicago early in the 1947-48 season in a deal that brought max bentley to the leafs , and he had three 20-goal seasons for the black hawks before finishing his career with stints in detroit , new york and montreal .
F	during world war ii , she joined the resistance in the democratic armed group `` giustizia e libertã '' .
M	within two months , simpson had won five races and in july 1959 was offered terms by two professional teams ; he decided to join the rapha geminiani team , which already had a british cyclist , brian robinson , in its squad .
M	during world war ii he was an official of the nsdap .
M	radcliffe was asked to audition for the role of harry potter in 2000 by producer david heyman , while in at a play titled stones in his pockets in london .
M	fischer caused a stir when he arrived to take his oath of office ceremony wearing trainers .
F	elvira will spend the rest of her life in a convent , zerlina and masetto will finally go home for dinner , and leporello will find a new master .
F	susanna is trying on her wedding bonnet in front of the mirror .
M	he filmed and has an incredible archive about well known armenians , including the only film footage on hovhannes shiraz , incredible footage on charles aznavour visiting armenia after the 1988 earthquake , the funeral of william saroyan .
M	although worf never took the rozhenko 's last name , for he preferred to be addressed as `` worf , son of mogh '' .
F	her daughter , allegra versace , also owns 50 % of the company .
M	he also said that it was `` not correct to say that a soldier can not live without smoking '' .
M	in 1939 , with babcock 's support , stebbins was made a full professor in the department of genetics at uc berkeley , after the department of botany failed to promote him .
M	after the success of this piece several other musicians asked him to write concertos for them , e.g the flautist james galway , the cellist julian lloyd webber and the guitarist andrã s segovia , for whom he composed fantasã a para un gentilhombre in 1954 .
F	tv guide picked her as its `` best dressed woman '' in 2003 .
M	he had been stationed in west berlin since 1969 , attached to the royal corps of signals .
F	she was born june 8 , 1940 , in jersey city , new jersey .
M	he said , `` i was always afraid -lrb- fearful -rrb- of the wings growing .
F	because of the interviews , the public felt sympathy for her life as a struggling actress .
F	she was buried three days later in the pioneer cemetery , plot # 144 , in bulawayo , now zimbabwe .
M	but at a secret session of the dã il during the treaty debates and publicised in january 1922 , his ideas for a treaty included dominion status , the ` treaty ports ' , a veto by the parliament in belfast , and the king as head of the commonwealth .
F	from the ship arnold wrote a letter to washington , requesting that peggy be given safe passage to her family in philadelphia , a request washington granted .
F	from 1995 to 2001 , during the filming of xena , o'connor lived in auckland , new zealand , where she still owns a home .
M	sorkin 's hectic writing schedule often led to cost overruns and schedule slips , and he opted to leave the show after the fourth season , following increasing personal problems , including an arrest for possession of illegal drugs .
M	between 1967 and 1974 , menzies campbell held the british record for the 100 metres sprint as he was able to do it in 10.2 seconds .
F	she was then used as part of the first season of the buffy spinoff series angel .
F	louise ã lisabeth was able to leave spain in 1748 when her husband was created duke of parma thanks to the treaty of aix-la-chapelle -lrb- 1748 -rrb- which ended the war of the austrian succession .
F	some benefactors helped her support her nephew .
M	he most recently played for the oakland raiders in some pre-season games in the 2007 season but was cut on september 2 of that year before the start of the regular season .
M	before tribal council , shane wanted to quit because of nicotine withdrawal but his new alliance of aras , courtney , and danielle told him to get over it .
M	before alberich goes he puts a curse on the ring .
M	he had smoke inhalation and was in the hospital in critical condition for four days .
F	sophie went to italy with her husband who was a governor of a province near naples .
M	he thought the great exhibition of 1851 presented a unique opportunity , because the difficulties that obstructed international participation would be greatly reduced .
F	she was sworn in -lrb- taking office -rrb- on january 23 , 1997 .
F	she also supports the love our children usa organization , which fights violence against children .
M	born with the name audie leon murphy , he was of irish descent , his father called berry emmett murphy and his mother josie bell killian .
F	she sealed the agreement by july 1589 .
M	when boult was a boy he had already met elgar .
M	he became the director of a psychiatric clinic connected with the new york court of general sessions .
M	he storms out of the house .
F	there is a famous photograph of her doing the spin at the 1937 world figure skating championships .
F	the film ends with victoria secretly watching the pair dancing , plotting revenge for her love .
F	relegated to a place near barcelona , bathilde founded , despite her small means , a pharmacy and dispensary for the poor , and her house became a gathering place for those who needed aid .
M	one of the most famous was the march on washington for jobs and freedom in 1963 , where martin luther king , jr. gave his i have a dream speech .
F	in 1935 , her father died suddenly , leaving carson to care for her aging mother and making the financial situation even more critical .
F	she gained additional responsibility for managing opposition business in the house of representatives .
M	srp leader remer once said that if the ussr ever did invade germany , he would `` show the russians the way to the rhine '' .
M	king creole was the last movie presley made during the 1950 's and is often said to be his best role .
M	he was previously trained by former three-division world champion jeff fenech in sydney , australia .
F	she said that the tale was a `` perfect marriage of word and image '' and `` a triumph of fantasy and fact '' .
F	we have long been smarting -lrb- hurting -rrb- under the pride of america -- we are tired of hearing her boast that she is the freest and the most enlightened country that the world has ever seen .
M	in the season 's beginning , the protagonist aang and his friends katara and sokka started a search to find an earthbending teacher , which finishes when they recruit toph .
M	he was also very impressed about their landfall predictions on august 17 , before alicia made landfall .
F	when hera found out she was very angry with echo .
M	he was the son of a banker simon veit
M	his classroom illustrations are reproduced in vladimir nizhniä 's lessons with eisenstein .
M	twinkie the kid is an anthropomorphized twinkie , which means he is a twinkie that has been given human-like features .
F	she also traveled into poland , germany , and britain .
F	she was born in 1977 .
F	in 1822 , while she was taking part in a march towards the panthã on , she lost consciousness , and drew her last breath in the home of a law professor who taught at the sorbonne .
F	peggy and her circle of friends had found methods of staying in contact with paramors across the battle lines , in spite of military bans on communication with the enemy .
F	as before , she is created by hephaestus , but now more gods help completing her -lrb- lines 63-82 -rrb- : athena taught her needlework and weaving -lrb- 63 â `` 4 -rrb- ; aphrodite `` shed grace upon her head and cruel longing and cares that weary the limbs '' -lrb- 65 â `` 6 -rrb- ; hermes gave her `` a shameful mind and deceitful nature '' -lrb- 67 â `` 8 -rrb- ; hermes also gave her the power of speech , putting in her `` lies and crafty words '' -lrb- 77 â `` 80 -rrb- ; athena then clothed her -lrb- 72 -rrb- ; next she , persuasion and the charites adorned her with necklaces and other finery -lrb- 72 â `` 4 -rrb- ; the horae adorned her with a garland crown -lrb- 75 -rrb- .
F	she has not said whether she will be reprising the role again , although on doctor who confidential she said that she thinks `` it 's never really the end for the doctor and rose '' but it probably was `` for the foreseeable future '' .
F	she died aged 69 in vienna in 1988 .
F	love happy brought monroe to the attention of the talent agent , johnny hyde , who agreed to represent her .
F	after releasing five singles , younha released her first album entitled go !
M	he graduated from loyola university chicago in 1951 .
M	ciarã n is the son of lord colum and the lady oonah , he is half brother to niamh 's mother .
F	she taught music in lycã e de galatasaray for long years .
M	in 1967 , dodd passed the head coach position to his favorite assistant , bud carson .
F	she chose to vote out rafe , because she thought she would have a better chance at winning the game against stephenie .
F	`` there is her ... pouting lips and insolent look in the eyes .
F	after her father , polonius , is killed by hamlet she goes mad .
F	two of these influences include david zinman , the conductor of the baltimore symphony and hahnâ s mentor since she was ten , and lorin maazel , with whom she worked in europe with the bavarian radio symphony orchestra .
F	her mother is ena .
F	siegfried has forgotten about her .
F	she also supported war child .
F	after hahn completed her part of the contract with sony , which was for five recordings over six years , she decided against renewing the contract due to the fact that she and sony did not agree on her future projects -lrb- lark ascending -rrb- .
F	she will play the main character on a thriller directed by rob schmidt who she had worked with before on wrong turn , called the alphabet killer .
M	he saw himself as the new augustus , an enlightened despot destined to guide the roman empire into a new age .
M	among his later tales are the leiden und freuden eines schulmeisters -lrb- 1838-1839 -rrb- , uli der knecht -lrb- 1841 -rrb- , with its continuation , uli der pã chter -lrb- 1849 -rrb- , anne-b ã bi jowã ger -lrb- 1843-1844 -rrb- , kã thi , die groã mutter -lrb- 1846 -rrb- , die kã serei in der vehfreude -lrb- 1850 -rrb- , and the erlebnisse eines schuldenbauers -lrb- 1853 -rrb- .
M	he played for them in 1928 , 1929 , and 1931 for coach robert neyland .
M	throughout the entire series , harry sports his father 's perpetually untidy black hair , his mother 's green eyes , and a lightning bolt-shaped scar on his forehead because of his encounter with lord voldemort and round , thick eyeglasses .
M	he was expelled from nã 1\/4 rnberg because he was against the protestants at the time of the reformation .
M	he was tried and executed .
F	miss honey later takes matilda into her home and both of them live very happily .
F	she is also the first woman to serve as governor in the state of oklahoma .
M	during the final three decades of his career his style of large scale bright abstract expressionism was also closely associated with color field painting .
F	at the age of sixteen , she was initiated into buddhism by guru padmasambhava .
M	his full name is jetsun jamphel ngawang lobsang yeshe tenzin gyatso -lrb- born llhamo dã ndrub on 6 july 1935 in qinghai -rrb- , is the fourteenth and current dalai lama .
F	adelina patti -lrb- 19 february 1843 - 27 september 1919 -rrb- was a highly acclaimed 19th century opera diva , earning huge fees , sometimes $ 5000 in gold , at the height of her career in the music capitals of europe and america .
F	when they came back , they found her in the back yard , in poor health , in the snow , and could only be seen as she had been wearing a red sweater that she liked a lot .
M	he was active in rome , naples , malta and sicily between 1593 and 1610 .
M	throughout the 1990s , pavarotti appeared in many big outdoor concerts , including his televised concert in london 's hyde park which drew a record audience of 150,000 .
F	she was born in west germany on august 25 , 1970 .
F	on may 7 melina was defeated in a tag team match when she was pinned by candice michelle .
F	her giggle was included in the single teletubbies say eh-oh !
M	hercules turns around and the woman calls out to him and freezes and explodes .
F	director tim burton agreed , and lavigne `` wrote the song immediately '' on her piano .
F	because serket could cure snake bites , she was sometimes known as the protector from apep , the evil snake-god .
F	she 's dead . ''
M	he signed a four-year , $ 20 million dollar gross income offer sheet with the toronto rapors on july 7 , 2010 .
F	in 1889 , alexander wrote of xenia , `` she is fourteen .
M	to non-scientific readers , gessner is best known for his love of mountains -lrb- below the snow-line -rrb- and for his many excursions among them , undertaken partly as a botanist , but also for the sake of exercise and enjoyment of the beauties of nature .
F	in st kitts , or when representing st kitts in another country , she is known as the queen of st kitts and nevis , her full official title being : elizabeth the second , by the grace of god , queen of saint christopher and nevis and of her other realms and territories , head of the commonwealth .
M	with the painting les demoiselles d'avignon 1907 , picasso dramatically created a new and radical picture depicting a raw and primitive brothel scene with five prostitutes , violently painted women , reminiscent of african tribal masks and his own new cubist inventions .
F	mccarroll soon told her idea to the local chamber of commerce and the riverside county board of supervisors , but no one listened .
F	she was made an obe in 1984 .
M	he was born in 1871 in gloucester -lrb- england -rrb- and he died in 1955 .
M	in 1872 he returned to germany and conducted an orchestra called the berlin symphony orchestra .
F	when she got into the band , she was dedicated to her musicâ .
F	lohengrin prays that elsa may get her lost brother back .
F	she began writing in it almost immediately .
M	many of his anthems are verse anthems , which would have suited the small choir he was writing for at chichester cathedral .
F	one year later , she became one of the stars of the german biathlon team with three gold medals in the 2007 biathlon world championships in antholz , italy .
M	gorrie is the creator of ice cubes , even though he was not trying to cool drinks .
M	in a final confrontation , zuko sides with azula , who promises to restore his honor .
F	she tells hercules `` if you 're looking for men , you wo n't find any .
M	he started his musical training by singing in the choir at the church of abbeville , then at the cathedral of amiens .
F	deianeira sees troy in the distance and tells hercules that she now remembers and this is where she is from .
F	in 1813 , she married j.g.
F	she was buried at st. nicholas ' church in chawton , hampshire .
M	he works mostly on stage and television .
F	she is the daughter of zeus and leto and the twin sister of apollo .
F	there were no problems during warm-ups , but the man operating the bull during the video shoot programmed it to go faster , causing knowles to fall off when she tried to perform tricks such as lifting up her foot , leaning back and turning around .
F	holloway was last seen by her classmates leaving the aruban bar and night club carlos ` n charlie 's around 1:30 a.m. on monday , may 30 .
F	after going to a few writers ' meetings , she began writing short stories .
M	bahã ` u 'll ã h called him the `` expounder '' of his word , meaning that only ` abdu ` l-bah ã had the right to say what bahã ` u 'll ã h 's writings mean .
F	the book was so popular a statue of a mother duck and her eight ducklings were set up in the public garden .
F	she was the only child of maximiliaan van egmond and franã oise de lannoy .
M	he was born in 1895 in jaisalmer -lrb- present day india -rrb- .
F	the figure ultimately went unreleased , however , as the entire line was canceled before she could be produced .
M	after retirement he became an assistant coach for the american hockey league 's springfield falcons from 2000 to 2003 , and then the nhl 's boston bruins from 2003 to 2006 .
F	she was on a show called `` kaist '' -lrb- portrayed a celebrity 's life as a college student -rrb- which was renamed to `` nicole the entertainer 's introduction to veterinary science '' in konkuk university since nicole would not be attending kaist .
F	genno did a certain spiritual ritual , and begged the spirit to consider her spiritual salvation , until finally hoji surrendered and swore to never haunt the stone again .
M	when u nu became the prime minister of the newly independent burma , he asked thant to join him in rangoon and appointed him as director of broadcasting in 1948 .
F	but in 1930 , she died .
M	blake won the john moores junior award -lrb- 1961 -rrb- for his work selfe portrait with badges .
F	she became popular with the audience at the apollo and she was able to compete in one of its famous `` amateur nights '' .
F	after receiving her permission , commissioner bud selig not only allowed griffey to wear the number , but also gave an invitation to all major league teams to do the same .
M	however , some of his moves - like his refusal to deal firmly with culprits of the beer hall putsch - alienated the social democrats .
F	she started doing broadway after graduating from high school and starred in numerous plays such as other people 's money , mame , can-can , sweet charity , and bye bye birdie during the 1980s .
M	he noted finding many cases in which apparent memories of childhood sexual abuse were based more on imagination than on real events .
F	according to the famous diary of her sister anne , margot was keeping a diary as well , but no trace of margot 's diary has ever been found .
M	he ended up second in the points classification , 11 points behind alessandro petacchi .
F	she was forced to marry infante philip of spain by proxy on 26 august 1739 .
M	among the bantu tribes a man has the refusal of all the younger sisters of his wife as they attain puberty .
M	during the very first training day in omsk , he broke the ice rink glass with a shot at arena omsk .
F	in other episodes she wins a place in the athens city academy for the performing bards , is a famous playwright , is a theatrical director , plays the pan pipes with considerable skill , and is the only person able to recite a magical scroll with the correct accents .
M	he literally ran through the day , making long lists of things to be done , which he never completed .
M	he has played for brazil national team .
F	dorothy gets the slippers after her house falls on the wicked witch of the east , killing the witch .
M	gaye also worked with his friend , singer smokey robinson to write number-one singles , `` i 'll be doggone '' and `` ai n't that peculiar '' .
M	it was an emotional win for hamlin as his grandmother , thelma clark , died the friday before the race .
M	after the election , ayers said he did not have any close ties with obama and condemned the republicans for using `` guilt by association '' tactics .
M	other victims at this time were the praetorian prefect julius julianus , commodus 's cousin annia fundania faustina , and his brother-in-law mamertinus .
F	she is the first elected female senator from minnesota and is one of seventeen female senators serving in the 111th united states congress .
M	once his allied germanic coalition had been broken and honor avenged , the huge cost and risk of keeping the roman army operating beyond the rhine was simply not worth any likely benefit to be gained .
F	her mother was a niece of louis xiv .
F	she is also known as princess minnie and maestro minnie .
F	edith frank was very religious , though her husband was more interested in studying .
F	in summer 1951 , when she reported on her work on gene mutability in maize at the annual symposium at cold spring harbor laboratory .
F	in 2000 , joel whitburn , who writes for billboard magazine , named her the most successful female songwriter of 1955-99 , because she wrote or co-wrote 118 pop hits on the billboard hot 100 .
F	her opponent was roland demarco , a president of a college who also loved playing pool .
F	the song is second from her seventh studio album femme fatale .
F	after her death , it was noted that henry was an `` enthusiastic embroiderer '' .
M	his laboratory group concluded that there is no `` safe '' threshold below which radiation is not harmful .
M	in february 2009 , filoni was inducted as an honorary member of the 501st legion international costuming organization in recognition of his contributions to the continuing star wars saga .
M	he was singing on a lake michigan dinner cruise ship when he was a teenager .
M	savonarola was a priest but he preached against the moral corruption of the clergy and the church of rome .
F	her daughter and son-in-law are also buried close by .
M	gober was also secretary-designate , when clinton named him on july 31 , 1997 to replace jesse brown .
M	in 1805 lucca was taken over by napoleon , who put his sister elisa bonaparte baciocchi in the place reserved for the `` queen of etruria '' .
F	the father of hetepheres was pharaoh huni , and her mother was queen djefatnebti .
M	he is a member of the spd -lrb- social democratic party of germany -rrb- .
M	he was picked by the atlanta thrashers with the forty-fifth overall pick in the 2009 nhl entry draft .
M	he started acting at a small acting college in new york .
M	jane southworth 's eldest son , thomas , eventually inherited his grandfather 's estate of samlesbury hall .
M	during this time , wilbur makes friends with a lamb named cardigan , who is rejected and the younger sheep of his group because he has black wool .
M	sam was usually called heimdall when he was in demoniac .
F	parker dated her co-star timothy hutton for a short time .
M	he told bobby he was n't to go by swearing on his son 's name ; but , cirie , courtney and danielle told him they thought bruce could be trusted more .
M	in 2009 , he was inducted into the manitoba hockey hall of fame .
M	on 4 june 2010 , he was chosen by his party to follow christian wulff as minister-president of lower saxony , if the latter was to be elected president of germany on 30 june .
F	when anastasia was born , her family was disappointed .
M	his come back success continued with 1994 's the specialist -lrb- over $ 170 million worldwide -rrb- .
F	at recess , may belle tells jess and leslie that janice stole her twinkies .
M	he was born on march 29 , 1918 near kingfisher , oklahoma .
M	as the referee tried to keep kane in check , bearer slapped undertaker while walking past him .
F	her commercial for a new touchscreen haptic phone from samsung electronics , dubbed as yuna 's haptic -lrb- sph-w7700 -rrb- , was done in south korea on may 24 , 2009 .
M	his current album skid row peaked at # 4 on the canadian hip hop charts on may 1 , 2010 .
F	as a separated spouse , she was never received at court and was forced to reorganise her life at the chã cents teau de chantilly .
F	she later attended nanyang technological university , where she got a degree in marketing .
M	there he learns about his parents and his connection to the dark lord .
F	she says this is because they are `` unwilling to speak , unless -lrb- they -rrb- expect to say something that will amaze -lrb- surprise -rrb- the whole room '' .
F	in the july 25 gop primary , she received the most votes .
M	this and other observations of acquired immunity was later exploited by louis pasteur -lrb- 1822-1895 -rrb- in his development of vaccination and his proposed germ theory of disease .
F	she was awarded by the `` renowned master of arts '' armenian ssr -lrb- 1971 -rrb- and `` renowned worker of arts '' georgian ssr -lrb- 1980 -rrb- official titles , state prizes of ussr -lrb- 1952 -rrb- and armenian ssr -lrb- 1988 -rrb- , `` nosside '' italian prize , ordens of st. mesrob mashtots -lrb- yerevan , armenia -rrb- and `` knyaginia olga '' .
M	lincoln gave a copy to each of his private secretaries , john nicolay and john hay .
F	mary picked and sieved at the site from early morning dressed in old clothes , chain smoking cigarettes , always surrounded by her dalmatian .
M	boccanegra arrives and agrees that he would be doge if he were chosen .
F	her daughter , princess margaret , was born there .
F	xenia and her first cousin once removed , grand duke alexander mikhailovich of russia , who would also be her husband , used to play together as friends in the 1880s .
M	he was a governor of siena , cardinal and later the duke of rovere and montefeltro .
M	in 1762 he was promoted to lieutenant .
M	seleucus i nicator won the territory of syria , and he founded four `` sister cities '' in northwestern syria - antioch , seleucia pieria , apamea and laodicea-on-the-sea .
F	anastasia was executed with her family by a firing squad in the early morning of 17 july 1918 .
M	he was well known for being the first prime minister -lrb- later president -rrb- of ghana , and his vision for a united african continent .
F	huston later commented that monroe 's performance was not acting in the true sense , and that she had drawn from her own experiences to show herself , rather than a character .
F	according to the new york times , webb was `` reluctant to sign her ... because she was gawky and unkempt , a diamond in the rough . ''
M	hamill is best known for his portrayal of luke skywalker in the original star wars trilogy -lrb- 1977 â `` 1983 -rrb- .
M	in 1461 he was made dean of westminster , and his subsequent promotion was rapid in both church and state .
M	he has 12 pga tour wins , including a major championship , the 2001 pga championship .
M	speaking immediately after the count , johnson paid public tribute to his defeated rival , praising `` the very considerable achievements of the last mayor of london '' and describing livingstone as `` a very considerable public servant '' .
F	her father is donald fey , a university grant proposal-writer of german and scottish ancestry .
M	he was an illegitimate son of gonzalo pizarro rodrã guez de aguilar -lrb- senior -rrb- who as colonel of infantry served in the italian campaigns under gonzalo fernã ndez de cã rdoba , and in navarre , with some distinction .
M	during a joint training mission with sas and 1st sfod-d , park caught ding chavezâ s eye for his mix of electronics and combat expertise .
F	louis xviii traded with her the hã tel matignon for the ã lysã e palace .
M	in the quiz-type reward challenge where gregg won , he showed his true colors when he chose jenn and katie over caryn , ian , and tom on a luxury yacht trip , making the three of them mad .
F	the court cited that the executor of her estate told california tax authorities this , and that a 1966 sworn affidavit by her housekeeper quoted monroe as saying that she considered new york city her primary home .
M	he also did the voice of daisukenojå bitå in the nintendo ds game the world ends with you , by square enix .
M	for example , on 16 april 2007 , knut took a break from his display because of teething pains , but reports said that he might have an unknown sickness .
M	due to the injury of andreas ulmer he was transferred to the first squad .
F	she also wanted a significantly larger prize fund .
M	in october 2006 , he made a far-reaching decision by vetoing a bill .
F	daria gavrilova won this event , after beating her compatriot yulia putintseva 6 â `` 3 , 6 â `` 2 in the final .
F	in 2006 , she had a lead role on hbo 's television series big love .
M	he plays for al-hilal and sweden national team .
M	it was from a casual aerial survey that he noted the potential of lake natron 's shores for paleontology .
F	she has influenced such writers as neil gaiman , stephen king , nigel kneale and richard matheson .
F	she is very lonely since her husband ron is always out on business trips .
F	within ten days monroe had announced her separation from miller , and gable had died from a heart attack .
F	she has two sisters , carrie and lori , and one brother , robby .
M	in 1981 rutter started a choir of his own , the cambridge singers .
M	this was the nbc symphony orchestra , created for him in 1937 .
F	when interviewed by mtv news , luckett said that her and latavia roberson created a new group called anjel .
F	ouida was the pen name of the english writer maria louise ramã -lrb- although she preferred to be known as marie louise de la ramã e -rrb- .
M	he was official world champion from 1975 to 1985 , played three more matches for the title from 1986 to 1990 , then was fide world champion from 1993 to 1999 .
F	after bran leaves , liadan has a vision of her uncle liam 's death ; a vision of eamonn telling aisling that she could not marry sean and then her suicide .
M	since 1988 , saramago has been married to the spanish journalist pilar del rã o , who is the official translator of his books into spanish .
M	cayce was a psychic from kentucky who said he had healing abilities and made prophesies .
F	she graduated from tufts university , where she met her husband .
F	mary douglas , dbe , fba -lrb- 25 march 1921 -- 16 may 2007 -rrb- was a british anthropologist , known for her writings on human culture and symbolism .
M	he was given an honorary order of the british empire -lrb- kbe -rrb- in 1971 .
F	other famous visitors to the ã ras an uachtarã in have been princess grace of monaco and her husband , prince rainier iii ; king baudouin of the belgians ; king juan carlos and queen sophia ; pope john paul ii ; prince charles , and prince philip .
F	in august 2010 , giovanna was moved back to munich after repairs to her enclosure were finished .
M	this was published in his book , de revolutionibus orbium coelestium -lrb- on the revolutions of the heavenly spheres -rrb- .
M	st. louis is married to his wife heather coragol and they have three sons , ryan , lucas and mason .
M	he took part in the wars of the emperor justinian i , and was the major historian of the 6th century ad , writing the wars of justinian , the buildings of justinian and the celebrated secret history .
F	her father agreed to pay her rent for a year , if she agreed to go back to tisch if she failed .
F	after her husbandâ s death , sarah polk raised a niece , sarah polk jetton -lrb- 1847-1924 -rrb- .
F	she started to learn the oboe at her school , downe house , near newbury .
F	she has been given a role in the new abc family series 10 things i hate about you .
M	he plays for gamba osaka and japan national team .
F	she is one of only four women -lrb- the others being steffi graf , martina navratilova , and chris evert -rrb- since 1975 who has been the year-end world no.
F	her fame did not last long , and in 1956 she died lonely , impoverished and forgotten in her great-niece 's house in savigny-sur-braye .
F	anastasia also had a weak muscle in her back .
F	she is a daughter of actor and musician keith allen .
F	her duty is to begin the may day celebrations .
F	in aubusson and beauvais ' manufactories large-size tapestries designed by her were produced .
M	he plays for fortuna dã 1\/4 sseldorf .
F	hamasaki stated that she wants to continue singing .
M	he teaches students at leiden university .
F	she was taken by the burgundians , sold to the english people , tried by an ecclesiastical court , and burned at the stake when she was 19 years old .
M	he went down slowly until cables hanging from the balloon got caught in an electrical power line .
F	she become a member of the senate in 2001 .
F	she was a belgian-french explorer .
M	he died before 762 .
F	louise 's death left her husband alone during a period of great difficulty , as the napoleonic wars and need for reform continued .
F	strong 's endorsement of left-wing causes made her different from the other people on the school board .
F	they moved to palm beach , where lilly started her clothing company , lilly pulitzer , inc. .
F	she was the daughter of an important french protestant leader , gaspard de coligny .
M	he also won two southeastern conference titles and the 1952 national title .
M	he plays for tokushima vortis .
F	the final line of the end verse uses the proverbs 3:17 as its base , which reads , `` her ways are of pleasantness , and all her paths are peace . ''
M	at his deathbed , he requested that no monuments be raised to his honor , but his statue was put up in front of starä eviä house in 1998 .
F	she is most famous for her performances on the variety show rowan & martin 's laugh-in .
F	when gian gastone died in 1737 , francis stephen 's envoy offered anna maria luisa the position of regent of tuscany but she declined .
F	she left many recordings of oratorio and sacred music by bach , mozart , haydn -lrb- including at least four different performances of the angel gabriel in die schã pfung -rrb- , brahms , faurã , beethoven , dvoå ã k , and stravinsky .
F	mirza and her doubles partner chia-jung chuang of chinese taipei made the semifinals of the doubles event .
M	he broke school broad jump records held by his brother , mack .
M	his design and uses for the tool gave the slide rule purpose outside of mathematical inquiry .
M	in 1948 , parker returned from los angeles , and davis joined his group again .
F	james is destroyed , and edward sucks james 's venom from bella 's wrist , preventing her from becoming a vampire .
M	he also became known as a member of the blues brothers band .
F	at that time , her coach , ryu jong-hyeon , approved of kim 's talent .
M	he is the current lead singer of the canadian alternative rock band , our lady peace and was known for his unique countertenor nasal falsetto singing voice .
M	pei has been an important name in his field , with his buildings built all over the world .
M	in it he said , `` regardless of what happens to me in the future , it all can be placed on what you have done and , believe me , i appreciate it . ''
F	carson started her career as a biologist in the u.s. bureau of fisheries , and became a full-time nature writer in the 1950s .
M	he learned to play the piano , and later the cello and organ .
F	a year later she appeared on a nhk broadcast , and impressed the japanese composer masao koga with her singing skill .
F	her skating partner is benjamin agosto .
M	when the romans settled there , they absorbed the cult of quirinus into their early belief system â '' previous to direct greek influence â '' and he was said to be the deified romulus .
M	newhouser won his in 1944 and 1945 .
M	he looks old , but he claims to be only 31 years old , -lrb- in 1993 's `` selma 's choice '' , his driver 's license says he was born august 2 , 1961 , and in `` duffless '' , moleman confessed his real age at an alcoholics anonymous meeting , implying that his ugly appearance has been caused by severe alcoholism -rrb- but moleman was in the springfield retirement home in season 10 's `` the old man and the `` c '' student '' .
F	in the aftermath of world war i and the russian revolution , her family moved to england in 1921 .
M	he was minister president of north rhine-westphalia from 1947 to 1956 .
F	meanwhile , she finally finds dark samus and they fight .
M	in his autobiographical essay , published in 1973 in les prix nobel -lrb- people who win the nobel prize are asked to write essays about their lives -rrb- , lorenz said that his parents were the main reason he was so successful .
F	she was an instrumental figure in the pakistan movement and the primary organiser of all india muslim women students federation .
F	she has gone to otakon and anime expo in 1999 , as well as anime expo new york in 2002 .
M	he is the lead singer in the finnish rock band him .
M	wilbur takes cardigan under his wing and shows him the farm , the ways of animal life , and dangers to look out for .
M	the next year , thile released deceiver , a pop album on which he played and wrote every song himself .
F	she 's so unusual is the first solo album by the famous american 1980s pop singer cyndi lauper .
M	however colsefini was unhappy with his new role and left the band a month later .
F	in 1995 , she started another architecture firm with ryå `` e nishizawa in tokyo called sanaa .
F	she and joe dimaggio were married in san francisco on january 14 , 1954 .
M	at the time of the french revolution , he lost the land and income he was given by the french king , and spent a lot of his money helping pope pius vi .
M	stephen colbert acts as if he is very republican , though in reality he is very liberal .
M	he plays for getafe .
M	during his domination antiochus iii the great invaded his capital arsamosata .
M	it is also common for a man to wake up after a night 's sleep to find that he has an erection .
F	she beat runner-up donna ries , a psychologist from kansas city , missouri , with a final score of 75 â `` 72 in 42 innings .
M	after he leaves , belmonte meets pedrillo and they decide to rescue konstanze .
M	only action by gates , then his superior at ticonderoga , prevented his own arrest on countercharges levelled by hazen .
F	born in montreal , quebec , into a catholic french canadian working-class family , she received a strict convent education for twelve years before entering the montreal 's conservatoire d'art dramatique , where she was trained in the great classics of french theater .
F	anna moffo -lrb- june 27 , 1932 - march 9 , 2006 -rrb- was an italian american operatic soprano particularly associated with lyric-coloratura roles in italian and french operas , she was admired as much for her vocal gifts as her great beauty and affecting stage presence .
M	he was the great-grandson of bahã ` u 'll ã h who founded the religion known as the bahã ' ã faith .
F	chiburdanidze , like many of the top women players , is not impressed with ` women 's chess ' in general , and she prefers to play chess with men .
M	mills , morrell had the reputation among his contemporaries as `` the biggest liar in the southern ocean '' .
M	he led france to win the 1998 fifa world cup and the 2000 european football championship .
M	he plays for bayer leverkusen and switzerland national team .
F	allan `` whitey '' snyder who saw her during the last week of her life , said monroe was pleased by the roles available to her , and that she `` never looked better -lrb- and -rrb- was in great spirits . ''
F	she was the youngest of five children of a musical family .
F	she told fresh airs terry gross the role was originally intended for a man but , at the urging of steve carell 's wife nancy walls , was offered to lynch instead .
M	he was beheaded , according to legend , on the spot where the cathedral named for him now stands .
M	it had been visited by henry in 1535 , with his second wife anne boleyn , but had been empty and unattended for some time .
M	a draft was submitted to the then prime minister lee kuan yew , before he made it better and passed it to the cabinet .
M	he won prizes as the best shot and best at physical training in his platoon .
F	lea michele sarfati -lrb- born august 29 , 1986 -rrb- , known by her stage name lea michele , is an american actress and singer .
F	she won the event with 193.45 points , which was more than 20 points ahead of yukari nakano of japan , who won the silver medal .
F	a member of the redgrave family , she was the daughter of actress vanessa redgrave and director\/producer tony richardson and the granddaughter of michael redgrave and rachel kempson .
F	how do you tell your mrs it 's not about her once she 's read it is ?
F	she has won multiple emmy awards , grammy awards and golden globe awards .
F	she , joined with her old friends like herbert lehman and thomas finletter , succeeded in removing desapio from power in 1961 .
M	he was killed in 21 june , 1992 in the tonashen village of martakert region of nagorno-karabakh .
F	liadan goes with her sister on the trip to her new home .
M	some of his happiest early memories were holidays with his whole family in colorado , wyoming and more often to the blue ridge mountains in virginia .
M	he plays for liverpool and argentina national team .
F	in 1936 she returned once again to the united states .
F	justice strauss was willing to adopt the baudelaires , but mr. poe told her that their parents ' will said a relative must care for them .
F	when marie taglioni first danced la sylphide en pointe , her shoes were nothing more than modified satin slippers .
M	this brought his father to germany after defeat , and sergei to petrograd , vologda , and dvinsk .
F	they travel to delvile castle , where cecilia finds mortimerâ s behavior yet more confusing , and mrs. delvile makes clear to her that she does not want cecilia to marry her son .
M	he has played for israel national team .
M	his father 's businesses included the spanish library , the printing house of el mercurio and the valparaã so newspaper of the same name .
F	on 14 november 1948 , elizabeth gave birth to her first child , charles .
F	she won the gold medal for best performance .
M	in 2000 he received an honorary doctorate in natural sciences from stockholm university .
M	the actual site of his grave is not known .
F	her celebrity status has been called `` mythical '' and `` monumental '' .
M	he was released by the canucks in 1992 and signed as a free agent with the hartford whalers .
M	but as sheridan morley perceptively remarked in 2000 , when reviewing cressida : â gambon 's eccentricity on stage now begins to rival that of his great mentor richardsonâ .
M	he died while going back to hanover from england on 11 june 1727 .
F	there , she became close friends with truman capote , who became a famous writer later .
F	she is the sister of hilary duff .
M	in 1977 , he returned to the minor leagues before signing with the oilers for their first year in the nhl , playing only one game before being sent back down to the minors .
F	she withdrew from pattaya city because of a left adductor strain .
M	he later became special assistant for community affairs when rockefeller was re-elected governor of new york in 1966 .
F	she is also an lgbt rights advocate .
F	she was appointed as a privy counsellor on 9 june 2010 .
F	this led to roles in another disney serial called match point , and an episode of tales from the crypt -lrb- directed by arnold schwarzenegger -rrb- , though her crypt role was later cut .
M	he races under the german flag in formula one .
M	when they come to ambush him , bess kills herself to warn him and save his life .
F	she interviewed factory workers , farmers , and pedestrians .
M	at the outset of his reign , commodus , aged 19 , inherited many of his father 's senior advisers .
F	she legally changed her name to lillian rousseau , but her clothing company kept the `` lilly pulitzer '' label .
M	he plays for sagan tosu .
M	he plays for gamba osaka .
F	pã rez began working in world wrestling entertainment 's `` farm territory '' ohio valley wrestling -lrb- ovw -rrb- in march 2004 when she was kayfabe brought her in as a way to taunt her ex-boyfriend john hennigan .
F	marie died at versailles on 24 june 1768 , six years before her husband .
M	in 1998 , he was denied entry to myanmar after making contact with the national league for democracy and taking photos of its leader aung san suu kyi .
M	his win total set the record for most career wins by a pitcher .
M	when he hears the pin is susanna 's , he is very jealous , especially as he recognizes the pin to be the one that fastened the letter to the count .
F	aphrodite journeys to dione 's side after she has been wounded in battle while protecting her favorite son aeneas .
F	she also attended the university on betazed were she studied psychology .
M	injuries to his left knee caused him to miss significant action six times over the next four seasons , and required three separate surgeries .
M	he had placed himself between the romans and their source of supply .
M	in 1992 , he founded his own record label , grand royal .
F	danielle voted out terry , thinking that she would have a better chance of winning against aras , and because aras was a fellow member of the old casaya tribe .
M	brown announced his candidacy in front of more than 300 supporters at sorrento in the park , one tree hill , maungakiekie .
F	but the next day , on 15 july 1918 , anastasia and her sisters seemed happier .
M	he began his nhl career with the montreal canadiens in 1995 â `` 96 after three seasons with tps of the finnish sm-liiga .
F	she was not very successful there , and left to become a courtesan by 1865 .
F	her elegant , yet simple , flowing gowns were often featured in fashion magazines .
F	holiday never had any children of her own , but had two godchildren : singer billie lorraine feather , daughter of leonard feather , and bevan dufty , son of william dufty .
M	his first job was assisting his brother nick in preparing race cars near the brands hatch racing circuit in england .
M	he spent virtually the entire 1990 â `` 91 and 1991 â `` 92 seasons on the canuck roster as a utility player seeing action at both forward and defense , but was limited to just 44 games over that stretch due to injury and failed to record a point .
M	over time , frieza 's power became so great that his body could not comfortably contain it , and a series of physical transformations were developed that limit his actual strength while changing shape from his `` first-form '' , each alteration builds on the previous .
F	she was known as the `` smiling duchess '' .
F	lisa buys so many olympic mascot pins that she does n't have anymore money left so she trades her pearl necklace for a mascot pin from the 1924 winter olympics .
M	about one year later , on 31 may 2010 , he resigned from his office in a controversy over his comment on the role of the german bundeswehr in light of a visit to the troops in afghanistan .
F	katie on the other hand was praised for her honesty , but was criticized for being two-faced , weak in challenges and depending too much on tom and ian .
F	when she came , she got a brown buff .
M	before the course was finished , he was transferred to the instructing staff and in june 1943 he was appointed the first commandant of the new police civil affairs training centre at peel house in london -lrb- with a rank as if he was a lieutenant-colonel in the army -rrb- .
M	in the story the count had stopped that law when he married rosina , but he now he wants it back again .
F	terry was accidentally tripped by cirie 's torch and yelled at her while she was taking care of the bonfire , but aras protected her , saying that it was an accident .
F	at the 2009 trophã e eric bompard , she won first in the short program with the score of 76.08 points , 16.44 points ahead of yukari nakano .
M	his first notable achievement was the dawes plan of 1924 , which reduced germany 's overall reparations commitment and reorganized the reichsbank .
M	voltaire described the history of certain ages that were important according to him , instead of describing events in a chronological order .
F	she had only been married to her husband , david gabriel `` gabe '' watson , for 11 days when she died .
M	all his property was entrusted to monsignor angelo cesarini , for distribution .
F	she returned in the next serial logopolis , in which the fourth doctor regenerated , and remained as a companion of the fifth doctor .
F	she also played georgia thomas on the sitcom ally mcbeal .
M	in 1962 he gave up writing for moving pictures when he became director of the opã ra national de paris and then chairman of sacem , the french performing rights society .
M	van buren was the third born of five children .93 his father , abraham van buren , was a farmer and a tavern owner .
M	songs that he has recorded include justin timberlake 's `` cry me a river '' on vol .
M	he remembering his mercy hath holpen his servant israel : as he promised to our forefathers , abraham and his seed for ever .
F	she was playing her most famous role , lady macbeth , and the audience refused to allow the play to continue after the end of the sleepwalking scene .
M	iolaus persuades hercules to let him go along for one last adventure before he is married , hercules reluctantly relents and says that he can come along .
F	planet of exile is a 1966 science-fiction book that was written by ursula k. le guin in her hainish cycle .
F	on may 18 , 1962 , monroe made her last major public appearance , singing `` happy birthday , mr. president '' at a birthday party for president john f. kennedy at madison square garden .
F	she was married to william henry harrison jr. .
M	meanwhile , homer invites his friends over to watch a boxing match , but lisa 's protest gets to him .
F	she was the first wife of william the silent , prince of orange .
M	he fought in the american revolutionary war as a colonel in the continental army on the side of washington .
M	a bright student who counted among his contemporaries in ucd his future political rival , charles haughey , who also knew joan o'farrell -lrb- the liverpool-born daughter of a british army officer , richard o'farrell -rrb- a fellow student , whom fitzgerald married in 1947 .
M	he plays for nagoya grampus eight and japan national team .
F	she became , as she called it later , `` like one of those athletes trying to get into the olympics .
M	foreman has 10 children , and each of his five sons is named george : george jr. , george iii , george iv , george v , and george vi .
M	adolfo bresciano -lrb- august 6 , 1948 â `` march 11 , 1993 -rrb- was a itailian-born canadian professional wrestler better known by his ring name dino bravo .
F	she has also played polo , and started the women-only blue ridge polo club .
M	he got the idea from the aluminium 1965 bicycle horn , and after taking off the black rubber , he blew it .
M	he also got the `` templeton foundation prize for progress in religion '' and the sylvanus thayer award for his commitment to `` duty , honor , and country . ''
M	joseph hewes -lrb- january 23 , 1730 - november 10 , 1779 -rrb- , was a native of princeton , new jersey , where he was born in 1730 .
F	she also observed behaviors such as hugs , kisses , pats on the back , and even tickling , what we consider ` human ' actions .
M	he is credited with originating the theory that the earth was not the center of the universe .
M	he finished seventh in his first start in the series .
F	she was also crowned the queen of bollywood at the zee cine awards in 2008 .
M	he had a vaudeville tour where he answered pre-set baseball questions , and a speaking tour of the south .
F	other than the album 's lead single , `` what the hell '' , lavigne described the songs on goodbye lullaby as different from her earlier songs .
M	daniel patrick gruen -lrb- born june 26 , 1952 in thunder bay , ontario -rrb- is a retired professional ice hockey -rrb- his career included 49 games in the national hockey league and 181 games in the world hockey association , during which he played with the colorado rockies , detroit red wings , michigan stags , winnipeg jets , cleveland crusaders , calgary cowboys , and minnesota fighting saints .
F	in 1870 , her nephew published memoir of jane austen .
M	the haymarket theatre let him experiment with his plays and fielding changed the comedy genre .
M	in time , however , pascal 's desire to make his mark on cinema returned and pascal took a ship back to america penniless but undaunted .
F	rhea was sad because she loved her children , so when zeus was born , rhea gave a stone instead of zeus for cronus to swallow .
F	since then she has released six singles and four albums .
F	a month later , samus finds out that dark samus ' phazon -lrb- like poison in our world but worse -rrb- based attacks have corrupted her .
F	she meets kaede , an older one because 50 years passed in this world after what happened to kikyo .
F	she is the only african american woman to have won the award for best actress in history .
M	cayce described his illness from a first person plural point of view -- ` we ' -- instead of the singular `` i. ''
M	he is sometimes called jim caviezel .
M	some theatrical treatments of the 19th century explored his duplicity , seeking to understand rather than demonize it .
F	rejected due to her age , the marriage never took place and she was sent back to spain .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	he was in germany when world war i broke out and was a prisoner in the camp at ruhleben .
M	he is best known for his roles as william guppy in bleak house and as owen harper in torchwood .
M	the lawrence 's goldfinch carduelis lawrencei was named for him by cassin .
F	however , she decided against college to pursue a career in music saying , `` you 're never too old to go to college . ''
M	he took the name bowie from jim bowie , who invented the bowie knife .
M	he was kidnapped and held by the infamous pirate peter easton in harbour grace .
M	he would go on to coach the team four different times until 1945 and stayed as general manager until his retirement in 1954 .
F	she also played the singing janis joplin in the eric nederlander production of randall myler 's off broadway musical love , janis .
F	she is the daughter of former british prime minister margaret thatcher .
M	he plays for montedio yamagata .
F	she wants to be a superstar , as she wants to get a kiss from sky corrigan -lrb- ferrell -rrb- .
F	she appeared in star trek generations , party of five , and gilmore girls .
F	bloc party is an ep of songs in bloc party 's first two -lrb- uk -rrb- singles : `` she 's hearing voices '' and `` banquet\/staying fat '' .
F	she lives in allen , texas .
M	his father , harry redknapp , is the manager of portsmouth f.c.
F	her name `` aung san '' comes from her father , who is also named aung san ; `` kyi '' comes from her mother ; and `` suu '' comes from her grandmother .
F	once , when she was young , she stole some biscuits from her mother 's tea table .
F	anastasia 's family called anastasia and her older sister maria `` the little pair '' .
M	on october 7 , gandy hurt his left knee while playing against the tennessee titans ; he tore what is called an anterior cruciate ligament , which kept him from playing any more games for the rest of the season .
M	after studying music in valencia he went to paris where he studied with paul dukas in paris .
F	she participated in the public event .
M	it is said to have been found around christ 's tomb after his resurrection .
F	in 1905 , while performing in rio de janeiro , bernhardt hurt her right knee during the final scene when she jumped from a high wall .
M	a belt with an exceptionally long strap was created for andrã the giant before wrestlemania iii , however he never wore it as champion .
F	garrick later sent someone to see her act as calista in thomas rowe 's fair penitent .
F	she was the aunt of actor george clooney .
F	melee , the text explaining princess daisy 's trophy states that `` after her appearance in mario golf , some gossips portrayed her as luigi 's answer to mario 's peach '' , although luigi and daisy were previously paired as a romantic couple in the live-action super mario bros film .
F	she won both the 3,000 m and the 5,000 m in an outdoor world record time .
M	he played 192 games , scoring 8 goals and 23 points .
F	lee wrote the songs `` hello '' and `` like you '' for her late sister .
F	what she wants , it seems , is to marry cherubino .
M	he is thought of as one of the four haiku masters in japan .
F	more is written in the gospels about her than the other female followers .
M	according to moore , he became ` cowboy ' jimmy moore when he appeared at the commodore hotel championships in new york city in the 1950s wearing the required tuxedo , but nevertheless sporting cowboy boots and his signature white stetson hat .
F	she also acted as palin on the october 18 show where she was joined by the real sarah palin .
F	the next day , pinder and thomas told the story to mccartney , whoâ '' guitar in handâ '' strummed and sang `` she came in through the bathroom window ... '' .
F	she has reached the semi-finals of the french open in 2003 and 2005 .
M	he also played in the nhl for the edmonton oilers , washington capitals and san jose sharks .
M	he was three times belgian champion , winning the mini class in 1996 , junior in 2000 and formula a in 2002 .
M	the following 2 months , he was in the elimination match at survivor series , getting the victory for team smackdown .
F	this was the beginning of her career as an international recitalist .
F	when she was young , fitzgerald wanted to be a dancer and she loved listening to jazz music by louis armstrong , bing crosby and the boswell sisters .
F	she speaks italian , french , and english fluently and has acted in each of these languages , as well as aramaic .
F	bernhardt made her fame on the stages of europe in the 1870s , and was soon working in europe and the united states .
M	he is on the list of the 50 greatest nascar drivers .
M	he was born on october 24 , 1888 in boston , massachusetts and attended the massachusetts institute of technology , and graduated in 1911 .
M	louis de france , dauphin of france -lrb- 1 november 1661 , - 14 april 1711 -rrb- was the eldest son and heir of louis xiv , king of france and of his spouse , marie therese of austria .
M	although it is not the first book to be printed by gutenberg 's new movable type system , it is his major work , and of central importance for the start of the `` gutenberg revolution '' and the `` age of the printed book '' .
M	he is a member of the rock band coldplay .
F	the leader of the opposition -lrb- sometimes known as the leader of the opposition in the house of commons -rrb- in the united kingdom is the politician who leads her majesty 's loyal opposition .
F	after that , she recorded `` kanashiki kuchibue '' , which was featured on a radio program and was a national hit .
M	antonio de trueba -lrb- 1821-10 march 1889 -rrb- was a spanish poet , novelist , and folklorist born at montellana , biscay , in 1821 -lrb- some sources say 1819 -rrb- , where he was privately educated .
F	she has received many honors , including the cbe in 1995 .
M	freud is important in psychology because he studied the unconscious .
M	he plays for sony sendai .
F	in 1995 , at the age of eighteen , she won a daytime emmy award for outstanding younger leading actress in a drama series for her work as kendall hart .
F	she wrote one the first cookbooks for cooking at home , not for professional cook or chef , modern cookery for private families .
F	she had hidden herself in the vault .
F	her parents were presbyterian missionaries in china .
M	he has played for west germany national team .
M	there he had a .980 fielding percentage for year -lrb- second in the national league at the position behind stanky -rrb- .
F	she did not perform so well at the world alround championships in heerenveen , where she finished fifth , but she managed to win the 2006 â `` 07 speed skating world cup on the 3,000 and 5,000 m track .
F	she lectures at the baku state university , azerbaijan pedagogical university , and is the head of the department of humanities in the western university in baku .
M	on 30 april 2008 , russian scientists used dna testing to prove that they were the tsarevich alexei and his sister .
M	he graduated from the professorial academy of tiflis and also attended the university of moscow , where he met simon vratsian , another co-founder of the armenian revolutionary federation .
M	he looks a lot like the chinese star god shou .
F	marie clotilde and her husband fled to naples and lived as guests of the wealthy colonna .
F	she is generally crowned by flowers and makes a speech before the dancing begins .
M	he is the father of current nhlers taylor pyatt -lrb- phoenix coyotes -rrb- and tom pyatt -lrb- montreal canadiens -rrb- .
F	she is the sister of peter fonda and aunt of bridget fonda - both of whom are actors .
F	gaga has naturally brown hair ; she bleached her hair blonde so she would n't look like amy winehouse .
F	she was appointed by president bill clinton on december 5 , 1996 .
F	there are many statues of her in britain , including one in waterloo place in london and a florence nightingale museum , also in london .
M	sardar gohar rehman favored the formation of provincial muslim conference in jammu , but he was prevailed upon by the others to relegate his demand in favor of all jammu and kashmir muslim conference .
F	she commented , `` you have to start all over again .
M	arnold 's contributions to american independence are largely underrepresented in popular culture , while his name became synonymous with traitor in the 19th century .
M	louis had just successfully asserted his claims to the duchy of milan , and they agreed to partition naples between them , with campania and the abruzzi , including naples itself , going to the french and ferdinand taking apulia and calabria .
F	her next film was gentlemen prefer blondes -lrb- 1953 -rrb- co-starring jane russell and directed by howard hawks .
M	he began to teach himself about chinese literature and to learn the high school curriculum at sixteen .
M	ricciardo made his track debut at the wheel of a formula one car in december 2009 .
M	the names of the three dynasties , cholas , pandyas , and keralaputras or cheras are mentioned in the pillars of ashoka -lrb- inscribed 273 -- 232 bce -rrb- inscriptions , where they are mentioned among the kingdoms , which though not subject to ashoka , were on friendly terms with him .
F	lucilla was accompanied by her mother faustina and m. vettulenus civica barbarus , the half-brother of lucius ' father .
F	after her death , consumer demand for her recordings grew significantly , and she had sold more than 80 million records by 2001 .
F	another story says that she found silkworms eating the mulberry leaves and spinning cocoons .
F	in the royal garden , ilia asks the gentle winds to carry her love to idamante .
F	anne marie was a devoted wife but victor amadeus did not love her .
F	only among people in the aristocracy , her writing was an open secret .
M	after 45 minutes in the sky , he shot several balloons .
F	at school , may belle shows her friend alexandra what she has for her snack , twinkies .
M	he has received the `` congressional gold medal '' from the united states congress and the `` presidential medal of freedom '' from reagan , america 's highest civilian honors .
M	he currently works for the company 's raw brand .
F	she returned to the music industry in november 2005 with the single `` kataritsugu koto '' -lrb- è ã ç ã ã `` ã , `` kataritsugu koto '' -rrb- , the ending theme for the anime blood + .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	when she first appears before gods and mortals , `` wonder seized them '' as they looked upon her .
M	julius kambarage nyerere -lrb- april 13 1922 - october 14 1999 -rrb- , also known as mwalimu -lrb- teacher -rrb- , was president of tanzania from 1964 to 1985 , though he was still influential in politics until his death in 1999 because of his popularity .
F	she began writing stories -lrb- often involving animals -rrb- at age eight , and had her first story published at age eleven .
F	`` i want you -lrb- she 's so heavy -rrb- '' is a song by the beatles from their album abbey road .
F	she also had a brother , tsarevich alexei of russia .
F	jessica jung -lrb- korean name : jung su-yeon ; hangul : ì ì ì -- ; hanja : é ç å ; born april 18 , 1989 -rrb- , better known by her stage name jessica , is an american singer , dancer , and a musical theater \/ television actress .
F	soon after she was offered a record deal at the age of fifteen , and in 1998 became the youngest artist ever to start at number one in the uk singles chart with `` because we want to '' , released under the artist name `` billie '' .
F	she helped train and played the top board for the united states women 's team at the 2004 chess olympiad held in october in majorca , spain .
F	she speaks both swedish and russian .
F	after leslie talks with her , she learns that the reason why janice is a bully is because she is abused by her father .
M	he was one of the most prominent members of the vienna secession movement .
M	there is a stained glass window which contains his portrait .
F	she accompanied her husband when visiting the troops in afghanistan in december 2010 , which drew some criticism from the opposition .
M	in 1995 as he finished 33rd in the points with only one top 5 and 3 top 10 finished .
F	potter was one of the first to begin such merchandise when she made a peter rabbit doll in 1903 .
F	after the baby was born , mary did visit anne , but she spent her time berating anne for her friendship with sarah .
F	when hercules and iolaus arrive in alturia they ask a woman where the monster is and she tells hercules that there is not any monster .
M	he plays for sport recife .
M	in 1730 his father abdicated on 3 september leaving the throne to charles .
M	his debut was on 24 may 2008 in a friendly match against moldova in rijeka , coming forbstitute for niko kovaä in the 59th minute .
M	in 1978 , he appeared in a solo recital on live from lincoln center .
F	she worked with dizzy gillespie 's big band and started including scat singing as a big part of her performances .
M	onegin is annoyed that people are gossiping about him and tatyana .
F	her third album , not too late was released in 2007 .
F	billy yule , teenage brother of doug yule , filled in for her on drums until after her baby kerry was born .
F	this alliance was to be cemented by the marriage of her daughter princess isabella to archduke joseph of austria .
F	she was 114 years 25 days old at the time .
M	he made his nhl debut in ottawa in 1995 â `` 96 , scoring 14 points in 75 games .
F	after anne , the crown would go to their nearest protestant relative , sophia , electress of hanover , and her protestant heirs .
F	she is also royal patron and chairwoman on the board of directors of the red cross of hutt .
F	after returning to korea , she debuted as a singer on march 29 , 2007 , as a member of kara along with park gyuri , nicole and kim sunghee .
F	kelly brianne clarkson was born in fort worth , texas , and grew up in burleson , a small city on the outside of fort worth she is the third and youngest child of jeanne rose , a first grade teacher , and stephen michael clarkson .
M	lennon wrote a song about him , whose words went `` maharishi , what have you done ?
M	he also worked at the city news bureau of chicago .
M	handel adopted the spelling `` george frideric handel '' on his naturalization as a british subject , and this spelling is generally used in english speaking countries .
F	tegan jovanka was an australian airline stewardess who was a companion of the fourth and fifth doctors , she was a regular in the program from 1981 to 1984 .
F	she kills cyclops and then leaves .
F	she is also credited with inventing the first silk loom .
M	friedrich hund became an honorary citizen of jena - saale , and a street in jena was named after him .
F	she is also a member of a band called the royals .
M	he finished the year with 104 runs , a .308 batting average , and 24 stolen bases .
M	while he was there the owners played him an old celtic folk tune called `` the craigeelee '' .
M	he plays for milan and netherlands national team .
F	back at camp , knowing she was next to go , caryn agreed to help tom and ian finish their five-person alliance with gregg , jenn , and katie .
M	his mother was the last of the farnese , rulers the duchy of parma .
M	roberts was the most well-known in his career when he announced the main event of wrestlemania xxiv between edge and the undertaker on march 30 , 2008 .
F	on august 18 , 293 bc , the first temple to her was built .
F	her book , the pavlova story : a slice of new zealandâ s culinary history , says that the first australian pavlova recipe was made in 1935 , and the recipe in the rural magazine nz dairy exporter annual was made in 1929 .
F	she is the deputy first minister of scotland , cabinet secretary for health and wellbeing , deputy leader of the scottish national party -lrb- snp -rrb- and member of the scottish parliament -lrb- msp -rrb- for glasgow govan .
F	gabrielle also fights against warriors with notable skill ; she defeats the warrior mavican and stands against ares and hades -lrb- two gods -rrb- in battle for a rather long period before they defeat her .
M	pauling then went to the california institute of technology -lrb- caltech -rrb- , where he received his ph.
F	in april 1790 she made a trip to batavia to get more food .
F	in the final weeks of her life , monroe engaged in discussions about future film projects , and arrangements were made to continue talks about contracts .
F	eventually , she was selling more dresses than juice , and decided to focus on making and selling what had become known as her `` lillys '' .
M	he theorised that personality is developed by a person 's childhood experiences .
M	his father took him to the inner mongolia from 1969 to 1973 during the down to the countryside movement .
M	simply bird , by the thai recording artist , thongchai mcintyre , is his fifteenth studio album .
M	he was prime minister of great britain -lrb- 1762 â `` 1763 -rrb- under king george iii .
M	he was buried in the belleville cemetery .
M	then wozzeck comes and tells marie of the terrible visions he has had .
F	she was the oldest daughter of roger kemble , an actor and manager .
M	he and lea michele , his glee co-star , were included in entertainment weeklys 2009 `` summer must list '' , being named `` summer 's must songbirds '' for their roles as finn and rachel on glee , respectively .
F	she and her sister , suzanne , run a production company called `` team todd '' .
F	she is most famous for the film la dolce vita -lrb- 1960 -rrb- , directed by federico fellini .
M	steinitz had previously declared he would win without doubt , so it came as a shock when lasker won the first game .
M	he died penniless and insane from strokes in caen in 1840 .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	she has a shrine on the island of enoshima in sagami bay , about 50 kilometers south of tokyo ; and a five-headed dragon and her are the main people in the enoshima engi , a history of the shrines on enoshima written by the japanese buddhist monk kokei -lrb- ç æ
F	she was a dutch-frisian exotic dancer .
F	b. lippincott suggested to her that she should stop working at the airline and focus on writing instead .
F	however , stroud thought that simone 's sudden disappearance -lrb- and the fact that she had left behind her wedding ring -rrb- meant that she wanted a divorce .
M	scarbury , undaunted by what happened , stayed in music up through the 1970s singing backup for artists like loretta lynn , and occasionally recording his own material .
F	she offered to shoot thiers , and suggested the destruction of paris for its surrender .
M	he plays as a hooker .
F	as a granddaughter of the british king , she was called `` her royal highness princess elizabeth of york '' .
M	among the dead was lev chernyi although paul avrich indicates in two of his books on the russian anarchists that chernyi was executed in september of that year , not august .
M	other english te deums have been written , such as the ones by william byrd , thomas tallis , henry purcell , three by george frideric handel -lrb- utrecht te deum , dettingen te deum and queen 's te deum -rrb- and that of edward elgar , his op .
F	she also had 14 singles that sold more than one million - more than any other female artist .
M	in the 19th century , p. t. barnum showed in his museum a taxidermal hoax called the fiji mermaid .
F	both instruments were gifts from her godmother .
M	in his inscriptions , he styles himself as a new man and rarely talks about his predecessors .
F	this is because the last `` t '' in her name was a feminine -lrb- female -rrb- suffix which is known to have been dropped in speech in the last stages of the egyptian language .
M	he also threw his other brothers and sisters into the sky , where they became the stars .
M	he was born on may 13 , 1964 in washington , dc .
M	johnny nitro took his place in the title match .
F	she is the daughter of former british prime minister margaret thatcher .
F	she is also the writer of a many autobiographical works , some about her new age beliefs , as well as her hollywood career .
M	according to the beatles , lennon 's son , julian lennon showed his father a nursery school drawing he called lucy - in the sky with diamonds , depicting his classmate , lucy o'donnell .
M	in both cases , he found that the yellow and blue edges remain closest to the side which is light , and red and violet edges remain closest to the side which is dark .
F	thus harrison concludes `` in the patriarchal mythology of hesiod her great figure is strangely changed and diminished .
F	to compensate for this , she would put tough leather soles into her shoes for extra support , and would flatten and harden the toe area to form a box .
F	she lives in los angeles and washington d.c. .
F	great britain excelled her bourbon rivals in the contested overseas territories , gaining the bulk of new france , spanish florida , some caribbean islands , senegal and superiority over the french outposts on the indian subcontinent .
F	on 9 october 1793 , alexander married louise of baden , known as elisabeth alexeyevna after her conversion to the orthodox church .
F	her third album titled `` teenage dream '' was released in august 2010 and included the singles , `` california gurls '' , `` teenage dream '' and `` firework '' .
F	after this , she teamed with super crazy in a mixed tag team match against melina and johnny nitro .
M	henry fitzroy , 1st duke of richmond and somerset -lrb- 15 june 1519 â `` 23 july 1536 -rrb- was the son of king henry viii of england and his teenage lover , elizabeth blount .
F	she performed ten shows in four days for over 100,000 servicemen .
F	she plays erica kane on the award winning all my children on abc .
F	in addition , she has agreed to do voice work for the dreamworks animated film megamind .
M	he and his family left australia -lrb- from brisbane -rrb- on 17 july 1902 .
F	she is the first woman to lead a major party in the united states congress .
M	joey ramone -lrb- b. jeffery hyman -lrb- may 19 , 1951 - april 15 , 2001 -rrb- was an american punk musician and founder member of the ramones , in which he was lead singer , along with dee dee , tommey and johnny ramone .
M	at his new job as a machine gunner , ponticelli was wounded by a shell during an assault on an austrian mountain .
F	she became queen after the glorious revolution , which resulted in the deposition of her roman catholic father , james ii and vii .
M	the complaint accuses him of spreading lies and inciting violence against the ethnic group .
F	she was a widow with five children from an earlier marriage .
F	but then she is comforted when she hears the children singing the nursery rhyme `` tom , tom , the piper 's son '' .
F	welch has said that she would like to tour the united states .
M	they decide billy is guilty and sentence him to be hanged .
F	later , mei decides to run away to try to find her mother at the hospital , and gets lost .
F	she was 30 years old when she began writing for newspapers , documentaries , magazines , and did screen writing .
F	she left to become a freelance actress with no links to any talent management firm .
M	in june , he won two stages and the points and sprint competitions in the tour of berlin .
F	she recorded several hit songs with them , including `` love and kisses '' and '' -lrb- if you ca n't sing it -rrb- you 'll have to swing it -lrb- mr. paganini -rrb- '' .
M	the lack of spaces for undiscovered elements and the placing of two elements in one box were criticized and his ideas were not accepted .
F	in her review , ingrid reichel invites the publisher to add a glossary to a new edition .
F	in 1945 , schwarzkopf was given austrian citizenship so that she would be allowed to sing in the vienna state opera .
F	monroe attempted to find opportunities for film work , and while unemployed , she posed for nude photographs .
F	she had a younger sister , caroline lee bouvier , born in 1933 , later known as lee radziwill .
M	he is the son of former u.s. president george h. w. bush .
M	he is also known by his nicknames good ol' j.r. or simply j.r. .
F	she was the first black woman to be elected to the house of commons when she was elected in the 1987 general election .
F	after that , she acted in 1991 's grand canyon , which also starred mary mcdonnell , danny glover , alfre woodard and kevin kline .
F	after she finished shooting the prince and the showgirl with laurence olivier , the couple returned to the united states from england and discovered she was pregnant .
F	maria cristina lived the rest of her life in turin , naples , agliã and frascati , and died in savona , liguria .
F	returning to hollywood in march 1954 , monroe fixed her disagreement with 20th century fox .
M	he is famous for his efforts in promoting the settlement of north america by the english through his works .
F	she is also well known due to her relationship with bob dylan and her love for activism in areas such as nonviolence , civil and human rights and the environment .
M	he analyzes the psychological process needed to obtain the concept of number and then tries to build up a systematical theory on this analysis .
M	gein is considered by many to be even more well known because of several movies that were based in part on him .
F	her chic wardrobe was supplied almost exclusively by the couturiã re ` lucile ' , -lrb- lucy , lady duff-gordon -rrb- but irene also designed some of her clothes herself .
F	instead , she resumed her affair with the police officer who had escorted her to spain in 1797 .
M	he ruled from 1786 until his death .
F	mary 's mother died in 1671 , and her father married again in 1673 .
F	she was later cast as gabrielle , and co-starred opposite lucy lawless as xena 's companion on xena : warrior princess .
M	after jacob arminius died , people that believed the same way that he did objected to the belgic confession and the teachings of john calvin and theodore beza .
M	as taoiseach for a second time fitzgerald advocated a liberalisation of irish society , to create what he called the non-sectarian nation of `` tone and davis '' .
F	she has had four grammy award nominations .
M	as a result of cena 's win , he began a feud with wwe champion john `` bradshaw '' layfield -lrb- jbl -rrb- and his cabinet .
F	not long afterward , she told a reporter that she was `` thinking of dropping out of women 's competition altogether . ''
F	she sang `` fair margaret and sweet william '' at the barbican , under the heading `` daughters of albion '' .
M	ledger caused problems after he was quoted in january 2006 in australia 's herald sun as saying that west virginia had banned brokeback mountain -lrb- which it had not -rrb- .
M	at the end of june , a mob demonstrated against cleander during a horse race in the circus maximus : he sent the praetorian guard to put down the disturbances , but pertinax , who was now city prefect of rome , dispatched the vigiles urbani to oppose them .
M	he is the president and ceo of formula one management and formula one administration .
F	she had been an academic , barrister , and member of the irish senate from 1969 to 1989 .
F	it is from her first album honey to the b.
F	it is named after ida , a cretan nymph in greek mythology who lived on a mountain that has her name -lrb- see mount ida , crete -rrb- .
F	she won with 63 % of the vote .
M	he was the second and last wrestler to win the wsx championship .
M	after carl 's best man and friend randolph dupree -lrb- usually just called `` dupree '' -rrb- -lrb- owen wilson -rrb- , loses his job and apartment , the couple allow him to move in but dupree inevitably overstays his welcome .
F	while there , she was trained by ricky morton and bobby eaton .
M	his goal was to show darwinian processes at work on the cellular level .
F	she later attended the fiorello h. laguardia high school of music & art and performing arts -lrb- the high school in the movie fame -rrb- before she studied theater at juilliard .
M	he was the son of a silk manufacturer at lyon , where he was born , originally intended to follow his father 's business ; but as a volunteer in the cavalry of the national guard at lyons in 1792 his military ability got him rapid promotion .
M	after driving for a few teams , dale earnhardt , jr. called keselowski asking him to drive his # 88 united states navy chevrolet for jr motorsports for the rest of the year .
F	she studied at augsburg university .
F	she also made a guest appearance on rapper nassun 's single `` nolleowa '' -lrb- , `` come to play '' -rrb- , which was released in march 2009 , and appeared on the soundtrack for the movie welcome to my house , releasing her first solo song `` gijeok '' -lrb- , `` miracle '' -rrb- .
M	he plays for jef united ichihara chiba .
M	he believed that it was best to aim what was taught towards jobs that were currently available .
M	because of the success it had , spider-man obtains his own comic book series called the amazing spider-man and others would soon be created such as spectacular spider-man , sensational spider-man and ultimate spider-man .
F	her sister , carolina weidenhayn , -lrb- 1822-1902 -rrb- , became the first professional female xylographer , who after she studied in paris 1858-1867 , became an instructor at the great technical school tekniska skolan in 1859-1881 .
M	up jumped the swagman and sprang into the billabong , `` you 'll never catch me alive '' , said he , and his ghost may be heard as you pass by that billabong , `` you 'll come a-waltzing matilda , with me '' .
M	chorney represented the usa again in the 2007 world juniors , where he was team captain .
F	jess is impressed by her parents ' happiness and watches the family .
F	with carter 's two older brothers away at college , she alone was left to help her mother deal with the new problems .
M	after 1890 , however , he changed direction again , returning to thinly brushed color to dissolve outlines as in his earlier work .
F	in their special challenge , though skeptical about her fire-making abilities , stephenie won against bobby jon , eliminating bobby jon .
M	the university also named the court in allen fieldhouse , james naismith court in his honor .
M	he from 2000 to 2002 came back to the spotlight with a leading role in monarch of the glen .
F	the film brought her nationwide recognition .
F	deianeira goes to the market where a woman tells her that the necklace is a sign that she has lost her husband and tells deianeira about the necklace is given to women whose men are to be killed by nurian maidens .
F	she was born and raised in fukuoka .
F	she was cremated at golders green crematorium and her ashes placed in a marble shelf next to her parents ' ancient greek funeral urn .
F	sorel 's cousin antoinette de maignelais took her place as mistress to the king after her death .
F	her mother died when she was ten months old .
F	she debuted with the chicago symphony orchestra in march of 2007 .
M	he is one of the authors of armenian soviet encyclopedia .
M	he sang the great songs of schubert and schumann , especially schumann 's dichterliebe song cycle .
F	in 2003 , she won the novice title at the united states nationals .
F	she was also nominated for an emmy award .
F	she has been president of the german section of innocence in danger , an organization combating child abuse and lobbying for internet censorship of child pornography .
F	according to gieb botkin , `` in naughtiness she was a true genius '' .
M	he also said he worked as a tenured professor at a private university .
M	this retreat , morrell says , was due to the ship 's lack of fuel ; otherwise , he claims , in these open waters he could have taken the ship to 85 â , or perhaps to the pole itself .
M	he has been prime minister of the netherlands since october 2010 .
F	in cory 's bedroom , an unseen person steals her piggy bank from her dresser .
M	eragon wakes up and finds he is scarred by durza 's strike .
M	to the left god brings out the tables of the law , adam and eve partake of the forbidden fruit , the serpent is holding his head up high , and punishment takes place in the shape of death and the realm of satan .
F	pardo as gwen , mercedes ruehl as her mother , and avan jogia as her brother , danny .
F	strong was 30 years old when she returned to seattle to live with her father , then pastor of queen anne congregational church .
M	lambert was a prodigy : he was composing music for orchestra when he was only 13 , and when he was 20 he was asked to write a ballet for serge diaghilev 's world-famous ballets russes -lrb- romeo and juliet -rrb- .
F	when she was six , liang chow opened a gymnastics school in her city .
F	she has raised numerous orphaned wild animals , including bears , cougars , eagles , puffins , raccoons , and seals ; her experiences while doing so have formed the basis of her 20 books , including there 's a seal in my sleeping bag , there 's a raccoon in my parka , love affair with a cougar , and tabasco the saucy raccoon .
M	the decision ended sompote 's bid to continue his enterprise , and the court gave sompote 30 days to stop gaining money from ultraman .
M	at st. petersburg , florida , bourdais became the first rookie since nigel mansell to claim pole position for his first race .
M	on him they found a devotional book , the imitation of christ by thomas a kempis and a booklet on our lady of fatima .
M	he killed harry 's parents , and then he tried to kill harry - he tried to curse himâ harry has to find out , before we find out .
M	this he did in secret , as his mother was strongly opposed to his playing hockey .
F	she emphasises the need for sustainability , saying `` australia should not hurtle down the track towards a big population '' .
M	he was released on january 18 , 2010 .
F	during their honeymoon in japan , she was asked to visit korea as part of the uso .
F	the later animes are from her short mangas like : the tragedy of p , the merchant of romance , middle-aged teen , hidden in the pottery , aberrant family f , as long as you are here , one hundred years of love , in lieu of thanks , living room lovesong , house of garbage , one day dream , extra-large size happiness and the executive 's dog .
F	she used microscopic analysis to show genetic recombination by crossing-over during meiosisâ '' a mechanism by which chromosomes exchange information .
M	he moved to a plantation near indianola at between 1901 and 1904 .
F	during her last term in congress , fallin served on the house committee on armed services , the house committee on small business , and the house committee on transportation and infrastructure .
F	it allowed her to remain in her snl head writer position at least through the 2004 â `` 2005 television season .
M	he won the 2009 world chess cup .
M	he was replaced by bmw sauber development driver sebastian vettel .
M	he was elected to the american academy of arts and sciences in 1937 .
M	this man was his father , laius , not that anyone apart from the gods knew this at the time .
M	afterwards he was stabbed by an italian anarchist named sante geronimo caserio and died shortly after midnight on 25 june .
F	in november 1701 , her third daughter , maria luisa , then barely thirteen years old , married philip v of spain .
M	he received ascap awards for songwriting in 1971 , 1974 , 1976 and 1977 .
F	it showed her experiences hiding during the german occupation of the netherlands in world war ii .
F	however , she notes the influence austen received from the political novels of the 1790s written by women .
M	george vi created his wife elizabeth bowes-lyon a lady of the thistle in 1937 , and in 1987 elizabeth ii allowed the regular admission of women to both the order of the thistle and the order of the garter .
M	he did not let go until the doctors arrived to begin closing the wound .
F	at the event , she placed second in the short program with 65.64 points , 0.56 behind miki ando .
M	it began with his win at karlovy vary in 1907 , and a shared win at st. petersburg in the same year .
M	at age fifteen , lewicki got his first taste of junior hockey with the columbus juniors in their playoffs against the winnipeg monarchs .
M	for many years , he was an advisor to general benjamin harrison .
F	she was said to have suffered from photo allergy -lrb- sunlight burns the skin -rrb- .
F	she then presented trinny & susannah undress on itv in 2006 and trinny & susannah undress the nation in 2007 .
F	a vote on whether she could play went 8 -- 7 for her .
M	in 1794 he was hired as a surveyor ; in 1798 , a royal inspector of surveying .
F	one of her first recordings was in 1972 on a collection called stagfolk live .
M	after congratulating him , i asked which rope horse he had used .
F	her first was to james dougherty .
M	after his return to valparaã so , tornero founded a library and a printing house in almendral .
F	she also separated from guy .
F	on her way to heathrow airport to start her new job with air australia , her car suffers a flat tyre .
F	her torture and murder were described by the prosecutor in baniszewski 's trial as `` the most terrible crime ever committed in the state of indiana '' .
F	she performed with the 1673 stradivarius from 1961 until 1964 when she got the davydov .
F	she was married to the austrian violinist wolfgang schneiderhan from 1948 until her death .
M	on either side of the shield , a farmer rests on his scythe , and a sailor leans on an anchor .
F	her mother was empress maria feodorovna of russia .
F	she has been leading the party for more than 20 years .
M	he is the first netminder and second player overall from france to play in the nhl .
F	she was also countess of lingen and of leerdam , and lady of ijsselstein , of borssele , of grave , of cranendonck , of jaarsveld , of kortgene , of sint maartensdijk , and of odijk .
M	he worked for the `` world wide wrestling federation '' -lrb- wwwf -rrb- which later changed its name to `` world wrestling federation '' -lrb- wwf -rrb- .
M	he also raced in a race to celebrate the opening of the new nã 1\/4 rburgring .
F	in 1925 , during the era of the new economic policy in the ussr , she came back to the united states to make businessmen interested in investing in industry and development in the soviet union .
F	on 1 december , 2005 she started flying to 1st international airport in christchurch , new zealand .
F	her appearance at the photoplay awards dinner in a skin-tight gold lamã dress was criticized .
F	but she never became a star because of the parts she played ; she always played old women in comedys , never heroines and main parts .
M	he was also principal conductor of the royal philharmonic orchestra .
M	he plays as a lock .
F	piper 's first chance in the entertainment world came when she was a teenager , when she was selected to appear on the saturday morning kids ' television show scratchy and co. .
F	the result was the execution of silius , messalina , and most of her circle .
F	pavlova had particularly high , arched insteps , which left her vulnerable to injury when dancing en pointe .
M	he plays for ventforet kofu .
M	he died in 1829 .
F	she is asleep on her bed and can not wake up .
M	he belonged to the second generation of the reformation , publishing his theological tome , the institutes of the christian religion , in 1536 -lrb- later revised -rrb- , and establishing himself as a leader of the reformed church in geneva , which became an `` unofficial capital '' of reformed christianity in the second half of the sixteenth century .
F	the stories she wrote for this magazine were so popular that the magazine was then called enid blyton 's sunny stories .
F	she accepts the task and eventually falls in love with bran , their leader .
F	hatshepsut was one of the most prolific builders in ancient egypt , commissioning hundreds of construction projects throughout both upper egypt and lower egypt , that were grander and more numerous than those of any of her middle kingdom predecessors .
F	she helps a queen , a princess or other noblewoman .
F	she left port jackson on november 19 , 1788 , with the fishburn to return to england .
M	for his show on march 24 , 2009 he released the soundtrack\/studio album called for the love of ray j.
M	he does not like this hairstyle .
M	no one religious society shall ever be established in this state , in preference to another ; nor shall any person be denied the enjoyment of any civil right merely on account of his religious principles . ''
F	showing great artistic skills , she won the free skate scoring 133.95 points .
M	he was known as the `` scandinavian chagall '' , and was one of the leading danish artists of the second half of the 20th century .
F	since then , she belonged to the ensemble of the vienna state opera until she retired in 1976 .
M	in 1989 , the rainbow flag received nationwide attention after john stout successfully sued his landlords in west hollywood , when they prohibited him from displaying the flag from his apartment balcony .
F	she is furious and wishes the sea would rise up and sink the ship , killing all on board .
F	the leader of the opposition -lrb- sometimes known as the leader of the opposition in the house of commons -rrb- in the united kingdom is the politician who leads her majesty 's loyal opposition .
M	it was not until the proofs of robert koch -lrb- 1843-1910 -rrb- published in 1891 , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease .
F	in february 2010 , kim competed at the 2010 winter olympic games , where she won gold medal .
M	hans blumenberg received his postdoctoral qualification in 1950 , with a dissertation on ` ontological distance ' , an inquiry into the crisis of husserl 's phenomenology .
F	cadigan has won several awards , including : nebula award for best short story in 1986 ; the philip k. dick award in 1987 for mindplayers ; the nebula award for best novel in 1991 ; the arthur c. clarke award in 1992 and 1995 for her novels synners and fools .
F	she is also a specialist on simone de beauvoir .
F	she also wrote an autobiography called living with glorious john .
F	before charmed , she work in the tv series picket fences .
M	it was ruined by cimmerian invaders c. 690 bc , then conquered by its neighbor lydia , before it passed successively into the persian empire of cyrus , the empire of alexander and his successors , was taken by the king of pergamon , and became part of the roman empire .
M	he is a primary shareholder , chairman and ceo of the company berkshire hathaway .
F	john smith did not meet pocahontas when she was in england .
F	she used pastels , making many important works with them .
M	he is credited with inventing many tricks , including the flat-ground ollie -lrb- originally called the ` ollie pop ' -rrb- , the kickflip -lrb- originally called `` magic flips '' -rrb- , the heelflip , the 360 flip , and the ollie impossible -lrb- more often called the impossible -rrb- .
F	she stated , `` it came so quickly .
M	he also served as mayor of minneapolis , minnesota , 1945 â `` 1949 .
F	she also wrote `` the clarinet teacher 's companion '' , a book which was used by many clarinet teachers .
F	she also picked up eight male convicts from hms guardian which had been wrecked after hitting an iceberg .
F	they noted that she tried to avoid attention by sitting quietly in the back of the class .
M	he plays for jã bilo iwata .
F	she was a powerful and charismatic figure who became the de facto ruler of the manchu qing dynasty and ruled over china for 47 years from 1861 to her death in 1908 .
M	he was made as a partner for wario in mario tennis and other mario sports games and has no real story behind him .
F	she has also acted in comedy movies such as best in show , the 40-year-old virgin and role models , as well as television shows as lawyer joyce wischina in the l word , dr. linda freeman in two and a half men and diana reid on criminal minds .
F	however when interviewed by sirius\/xm , she said that auto-tune was n't bad if used '' .
M	he hit .256 and stole only 12 bases .
F	she enjoyed some success after returning to the tour in 1995 , including a singles title at the australian open in 1996 , but was unable to consistently reproduce her very best form .
F	her daughter is kate hudson , who is an actress , has been nominated for an oscar .
M	he plays for al-ansar beirut .
F	later the castle was the occasional residence of the governor of the isle of wight and it became home to princess beatrice , youngest daughter of queen victoria , when she was governor .
F	this led to her first encounters with the entertainment industry .
M	he is perhaps best known for his design for the natural history museum in london , although he also built a wide variety of other buildings throughout the country .
F	at the rally , she sang a cover of john lennon 's `` imagine '' saying `` i 'm not going to -lrb- play -rrb- one of my songs tonight because tonight is not about me , it 's about you . ''
F	her work in film music included `` le petit chose '' .
F	she was the first lady of the united states from 1869 to 1877 .
M	in 1976 he won the main event of the world series of poker .
F	in her lifetime , princess alice carried out many royal duties .
F	when nintendo sold super mario bros. in other countries , she was called princess toadstool .
F	she was the subject of several contemporary paintings and works of art , including jean fouquet 's virgin and child surrounded by angels .
F	she would later appear on television many more times .
M	when the soldiers came to alban 's house looking for the priest , alban exchanged cloaks with the priest and let himself be arrested in his stead .
F	her chief legal complaint was that she had been neither asked for permission for the adaptation nor paid any royalty .
F	she is the governor of the state of michigan .
M	he plays for horsens and canada national team .
M	cory and pooh re-enter michael 's room and find his marijuana box .
M	it centers around the mobile suit observer robert spacey and his encounters with the different mobile weapons in the gundam 00 universe .
M	when harry duels voldemort , their wands ' magical streams connect , forcing the spirit echoes of voldemort 's victims , including cedric and james and lily potter , to be expelled from his wand .
M	in 1992 he met dj dougal at a dreamscape event , who he created a record label with called essential platinum .
F	in 1661 bombay was given to the british government , as part of the dowry of catherine of braganza when she married charles ii of england .
F	lindsey was eliminated because she had four previous votes against her .
F	the encyclopã dia britannica 's changed the way they described austen as she became more and more popular .
F	she gets everyone to sign the marriage contract .
F	on may 19 , 1962 , she attended the birthday celebration of president john f. kennedy at madison square garden , at the suggestion of kennedy 's brother-in-law , actor peter lawford .
F	pat benatar -lrb- born patricia mae andrzejewski on 10 january 1953 -rrb- is a four-time grammy award-winning american rock singer with seven platinum and three gold albums to her credit , as well as 19 top 40 singles .
F	there it became pink 's second solo number one hit , following `` so what , '' and her third overall .
M	he has been married twice .
M	arnold attempted to justify his actions in an open letter titled to the inhabitants of america , published in newspapers in october 1780 .
F	for her contribution to the motion picture industry , she was honored with a star on the hollywood walk of fame at 6812 hollywood blvd .
M	that man that shall snap his arms , or smoke tobacco in the hold , without a cap to his pipe , or carry a candle lighted without a lanthorn , shall suffer the same punishment as in the former article .
F	she now teaches at a degree college in belpahar , jharsuguda , orissa .
M	davies also became interested in classical forms , completing his first symphony in 1976 .
M	he converted to islam during a visit to west africa in the late 1940s and took the name abdullah ibn buhaina .
M	his first publication on the subject which appeared in jewish education in 1968 was `` teaching the violence of the holocaust : a challenge to educating potential future oppressors and victims for nonviolence . ''
M	he is the father of singers rufus wainwright , martha wainwright and lucy wainwright roche , and the former husband of kate mcgarrigle .
F	faustina was a beautiful woman , renowned for her wisdom .
M	he taught himself how to play guitar .
M	he murdered 10 people near wichita , kansas between 1974 and 1991 .
M	he had echo killed and split into pieces .
M	during mcgraw 's childhood , his family moved so his father could become a psychologist .
M	his performance led him to win the stockholm international film festival best actor award .
F	she is the daughter of maria gustinelli , a painter , and luigi bellucci , who owned a trucking company .
F	when she finished school , she went back to epsom .
M	at this point , aged 74 , he had amassed over 65,000 specimens .
F	rice and hannigan recorded a charity song , campaigning for her release , called unplayed piano , which they performed at the 2006 nobel peace prize concert in oslo .
M	his direct descendant is australian sprinter daniel batman .
M	he was not a child prodigy , but he began to play the piano at secondary school , before going on to study at the st. petersburg conservatory in leningrad from 1972 to 1977 .
F	she was a member of international pen .
M	yu myung-hwan -lrb- born april 8 , 1946 -rrb- is a south korean diplomat , he was minister for foreign affairs and trade from february 2008 to september .4 2010 .
M	in september 1859 , another son was born , and his name was also samuel orchart .
M	wolfgang ernst pauli -lrb- 25 april 1900 â `` 15 december 1958 -rrb- was an austrian theoretical physicist known for his work on spin theory , and for the discovery of the pauli exclusion principle , which is important for the structure of matter and the whole of chemistry .
M	in 1937 , karajan first conducted the berlin philharmonic and the berlin state opera he was very successful when he conducted tristan und isolde .
M	on 5 january 2006 , kennedy was informed that itn would be reporting that he had received treatment for a drinking problem .
M	he has played for japan national team .
F	in march 1952 , monroe faced a possible scandal when one of her nude photos from a 1949 session with photographer tom kelley was put in a calendar .
M	vince mcmahon did not like having to share his creation with flair and looked for a way to stop their partnership .
M	in an essay written when he left school , hewrote that he would have enjoyed becoming a teacher , but he would only have been qualified to teach languages or the natural sciences , which were not his primary areas of interest .
F	phase one , in which doris gets her oats ! ''
F	she became a very well known in the mid-1980s with the release of the album , she 's so unusual .
M	cayce lived in virginia beach until he died in 1945 .
F	while she sat in a seat at the front of a bus , the bus driver told her to move to the back of the bus so a white passenger could take the seat in the front of the bus .
F	as a young adult she took an interest in mathematics , and in particular babbage 's work on the analytical engine .
F	in 2002 , cricket leigh voiced tangier in red faction 2 and in 2003 , she had played mala in terra .
F	obsessed is a song by singer , mariah carey off her album , `` memoires of an imperfect angel '' .
F	she received an academy award for best supporting actress for her role in the 1995 film mighty aphrodite .
M	he was named after his great-grandfather benedict arnold , an early governor of the colony of rhode island , and his brother benedict iv , who died in infancy .
F	her -lrb- younger -rrb- twin sister princess maria cristina amelia died of smallpox in 1783 , aged five , a week after their brother prince giuseppe died .
M	at last this , the best period of his life , was brought to an end indirectly , by the overthrow of the liberal monarchy of dom pedro ii in 1889 .
M	he was in favor of the u.s.
M	he was then assigned to ahl affiliate , the rockford icehogs for the duration of the 2009 â `` 10 season .
F	she is the adopted daughter of lionel richie , and is best known for being in the reality show the simple life .
F	she is played by april pearson .
M	they are called `` pedal '' notes because they are often heard in organ music where the player puts one of his feet on a pedal note and holds it there .
F	anne was sent with her older sister elizabeth to gã 1\/4 strow , in germany .
M	anand is one of a small group of players to break the 2800 mark on the fide rating list , and in april 2007 at the age of 37 , he became world number one for the first time .
F	in 2007 , she was cast in the animated comedy film aqua teen hunger force colon movie film for theaters as the teens ' mother , a giant burrito .
M	he was a teacher at the acadã mie julian in paris .
F	despite overwhelming pain in her legs , she performed a total of 39 songs .
M	another event was the public funeral of church of satan member and naval officer edward olson , as his wife had asked .
F	by this time , monroe had only completed one film , bus stop , under her four picture contract with 20th century fox .
M	after the doctors spent 90 minutes and used over 300 stitches to close the wound he returned to practice four days later and was back in the net against the quebec nordiques after about a week .
F	she earnt her living finding and preparing fossils , in the rich jurassic marine strata at lyme regis where she lived .
F	she was literally run off the road by a truck , as she recalled many years later : my model t ford and i found ourselves face to face with a truck on the paved highway .
F	winona laura horowitz -lrb- born october 29 , 1971 -rrb- , better known under her professional name winona ryder , is an american actress .
F	she was also good at singing alice ford in verdi 's falstaff .
M	his arms and legs can be extended to reach things , by saying `` arms extendo '' or `` legs extendo '' .
M	in 1980 he was found guilty of manslaughter for a car accident in which he was the driver .
M	the video shows scenes of levine and his girlfriend in 3 different bed settings including a bed setting on the beach of santa monica , a bed setting on broadway in los angeles , ca , and a bed setting in the upper floor of the hilton hotel .
F	she was buried in breda .
M	he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
M	vettel scored his first points of the season with a 5th place finish at the monaco grand prix .
F	she and her sister lila , along with several other village girls , have been kidnapped by the men of the warlord , draco , to be sold as slaves .
F	monroe 's health declined during this period , and she began to see a los angeles psychiatrist , dr. ralph greenson .
M	his highest speed index , or comparative rating of his speed , was aaa .
M	longfellow , despite his aversion to public speaking , accepted an offer from joshua chamberlain to speak at his fiftieth reunion at bowdoin college ; he read the poem `` morituri salutamus '' so quietly that few could hear him .
F	she was buried at turin cathedral where she rests today .
F	she collected some cocoons , and then sat down to have some tea .
F	a winter in majorca described the period that she and chopin spent on that island in 1838-9 .
F	sofia lovisa grã ã had ben the first woman who was principal of this school alone , and she was principal in 1804-1812 .
M	eragon goes to their aid and helps them in battle and has an encounter with another dragon rider and his red dragon .
F	she is the wife of iggy lee , boss of the panheads , a motorcycle gang who `` striked fear in everyone , even the cops '' , as max puts it .
F	she later wrote extensively , publishing short stories and magazine and newspaper articles .
F	in 2007 she became president of immagine&poesia -lrb- image and poetry -rrb- , the international artistic literary movement founded at teatro alfa , torino , italy .
F	jane austen lived her entire life as part of a large and close family .
F	there , she again beat gloria walker with a score of 100 â `` 57 , and earned a $ 1,001 prize .
F	this made her the youngest and first female solo singer to reach the top spot with her first two singles
M	his sons don iwerks and david iwerks worked for disney , too .
F	she must not speak until the task is finished .
M	11 set in the key , and also fifteen years later his variations on a russian theme , op .
M	he has also been adopted in other media such as television and video games and most popularly sam raimi 's film trilogy which includes spider-man , spider-man 2 , and spider-man 3 .
M	his family moved often to so they could pay their rent .
M	he gave his first solo performance on 6 january 1933 playing the brahms violin concerto with the warsaw philharmonic orchestra .
M	he said these efforts were '' ... inadequate -lrb- as -rrb- the war dragged on for a decade . ''
M	his chamber music includes string quartets , quintets and sextets and piano trios , quartets and a piano quintet .
M	they are trying to catch giovanni and prove that he is bad .
M	he plays for fagiano okayama .
F	her brother rufus wainwright is also a well known singer .
F	she was associated with fluids that cause stiffening during embalming .
F	toxicology reports released on july 17 , 2007 revealed that at their time of death , nancy benoit had three different drugs in her system : xanax , hydrocodone , and hydromorphone , all of which were found at the therapeutic rather than toxic levels .
F	after the divorce of her parents , hewitt and her only sibling , todd hewitt , grew up with her mother .
F	in 1993 , messing was praised for her acting in the pre-broadway workshop production of tony kushner 's play angels in america : perestroika .
M	in 1909 the family moved to vienna so that he could learn the cello from the famous friedrich buxbaum , the cellist of the rosã quartet and principal cellist of the vienna philharmonic .
M	during his education he focused on learning to become an teacher .
F	she will return for the final films -lrb- harry potter and the deathly hallows -rrb- and the first of the film 's two video games .
M	in the next festival he played his piano concerto no.
M	from 1981 to 1985 he was the main guest conductor of the los angeles philharmonic orchestra .
F	she said , `` i write my own music and , therefore , it takes me longer to put out records 'cause i have to live my life to get inspiration . ''
M	when william iii died in 1702 , he was succeeded by anne .
F	she appeared as a guest judge on the november 25 , 2007 episode of the food network program iron chef america .
F	she has had two children with joel madden , harlow and sparrow madden .
M	he played with the world-famous borodin quartet from 1945 when it was founded , and was a member until he retired in 2007 .
M	he refuses to pay before making love , and kills alwa in a struggle .
M	he plays for sport recife .
F	the governess doubts that she saw anything , but decides to tell mrs. grose .
F	she sent warne some new color illustrations with a copy of her privately printed edition .
M	he made an album made with jazz pianist oscar peterson , and klezmer .
M	he started his playing career at greenock morton before moving on to newcastle united , aberdeen , hamburg , celtic , ik brage and reading and won the scottish pfa players ' player of the year in 1982 as well as four caps and two goals for the scotland national football team .
M	gambon was invested by prince charles as a knight bachelor on 17 july 1998 for services to drama -lrb- queen elizabeth ii 's approval for the award was notified in the 1998 new year honours list -rrb- and his wife thus became lady gambon .
M	he earned his doctorate at johns hopkins in 1881 .
F	zelda asks link to bring her out of the castle so she can see the tower of spirits , where she thinks something has happened to make the spirit tracks fade away .
F	her first job in television was a small part on the soap opera ryan 's hope in 1975 .
F	masetto tries to see whether she means it .
M	although born in lincolnshire , england , worth made his mark in the french fashion industry .
M	he later put together other ppv fights , wrestling matches , and even a broadway play .
M	he was the first japanese formula one driver to scored a point at monaco .
M	he began the season with the tampa bay lightning , but was traded to the detroit red wings on march 23 , 1999 for a conditional draft pick .
F	thornton became engaged to her boyfriend of one year , christopher carney , a court officer , in december 2009 .
M	he has released 14 albums .
F	in the late 1930s , she also worked as a big band singer with count basie and artie shaw .
M	he married eileen rexroat first , and they were married for 27 years .
F	her co-presenter was ted kravitz .
F	her death is known to have occurred in 1458 bc , which implies that she became pharaoh circa 1479 bc .
F	she meets many new friends at high school and they inform her about the cullen family , and bella becomes intrigued .
M	the car he shared with stã phane sarrazin and pedro lamy finished the race second .
M	he served as the first chairman of the senate finance committee and its predecessor from december 4 , 1815 , until his resignation from the senate on april 20 , 1818 ; on this occasion to accept appointment as united states ambassador to russia , a position he held from 1818-1821 .
M	he plays for roma and brazil national team .
M	stede bonnet -lrb- c. 1688 â `` december 10 , 1718 -rrb- was an early 18th-century barbadian pirate , sometimes called `` the gentleman pirate '' because he was a moderately wealthy landowner before turning to a life of crime .
F	in 1949 , she sang at la scala opera house in milan as sophie in richard strauss 's der rosenkavalier and marcelline in beethoven 's fidelio .
F	fhm named her # 7 on 2010 sexiest women list , which was the highest ranking for a new entry on the list that year .
M	he was looking at his old pads and skates that eddie dufour -lrb- the canadiens trainer -rrb- had arranged in georges 's corner .
M	in 1962 he moved to the newly built mrc laboratory of molecular biology in cambridge .
M	edinson volquez received three second-place votes in 2008 even though he was not a rookie under the award 's definition .
F	cadigan sold her first professional science fiction story in 1980 .
M	he plays for yokohama .
M	he has directed films like eat drink man woman , sense and sensibility , crouching tiger , hidden dragon , hulk and brokeback mountain .
M	he was born in alton , illinois , usa .
M	they were formed in 1980 by curt kirkwood -lrb- vocals , guitars -rrb- , his brother cris -lrb- bass -rrb- and derrick bostrom -lrb- drums -rrb- .
M	he has played for japan national team .
M	ratings from chessmetrics support this conclusion , placing him as world # 1 between mid 1912 and mid 1914 .
M	more than anyone else , he was responsible for the acceptance of a long-time scale for the history of the earth .
M	on february 1 , 1946 , he was elected as the first united nations secretary-general as a result of a compromise between the major powers , having only missed being elected president of the first general assembly by a small margin .
F	she lived for a year and a half in the mountainous regions of what is now pakistan under the guidance of a hindu sadguru , then traveled to punjab .
M	paradoxically , he spoke a marxist language without questioning the alliance with the center and the center-right .
M	in 1948 he published the story `` a perfect day for bananafish '' in the new yorker magazine , which also published most of his following work .
M	he advocated and developed the ideas of keynesian economics .
F	starting in february 1997 , she had a weekday lunchtime show , called the jo whiley show and later the lunchtime social .
F	when her husband was chancellor she set the up the hannelore kohl stiftung -lrb- that is the hannelore kohl charity -rrb- and the kuratorium zns , a foundation to help find a cure for illnesses of the central nervous system .
F	she organized the 12th annual international architecture exhibition , which was held in 2010 .
M	he gave his first concert as principal conductor of the bpo on 7 september 2002 , leading performances of thomas adã s ' asyla and gustav mahler 's symphony no.
M	in 1618 , he was given responsibility for `` collecting the forfeitures on the laws concerning sewers , for twenty-one years '' .
F	the winner , vecepia towery , was revealed on may 19 , 2002 , where she won against neleh dennis by a vote of 4-3 .
M	on june 10 , 1921 his wife amie died , and on june 8 , 1926 he married yolanda christina tandberg -lrb- 1902-2003 -rrb- .
F	her funeral took place in st george 's chapel at windsor castle , attended by all members of the royal family .
M	according to the website , the idea for happy tree friends was created by rhode montijo when he drew a yellow rabbit , slightly resembling the character cuddles , on a piece of paper and wrote `` resistance is futile '' underneath it .
M	at world war 3 he competed in the 3-ring , 60-man world war 3 battle royal for the vacant wcw world heavyweight championship .
F	lavigne had written some of these songs when she was young .
M	by the 1930s pierre had moved more towards the latin american dances , and in 1934 his full-page trade adverts featured the rumba .
F	she agreed to appear in let 's make love , which was to be directed by george cukor .
F	her parents , peter and kar wai li leung , are chinese immigrants .
F	on 5 april 1791 , marie adã laã de left her unfaithful husband and went to live with her father at the chã cents teau de bizy in normandy .
F	she was born sarah kemble in brecon , brecknockshire , wales .
M	he plays for birmingham city .
M	versace was murdered outside his miami beach home , the former casa casuarina , at the age of 50 by spree killer andrew cunanan .
M	sultan moulay youssef followed the decision of the french and moved his home to rabat .
F	she was born october 13 , 1980 in glen cove , new york .
F	this meant she dominated hugo 's education .
M	he now lives in vienna .
M	he has written for the simpsons .
F	she passed a high-school level qualification examination , the college scholastic ability test , and was accepted by the kyung hee university , majoring in department of theater and film .
M	he conducted the last night of the proms for the first time on 13 september 2008 .
F	she is also a supporter for the tea party movement and founder of the house 's tea party caucus .
M	after his ma studies , yunus became part of the bureau of economics as a research assistant for professor nurul islam and rehman sobhan .
F	around the same time that the show was set to go to broadway , she was offered the role of eponine in the broadway revival of les misã rables .
M	at the time of his death , his estate was worth an estimated $ 356,320 .
F	she is holding a shield and a laurel wreath in one hand .
F	gavrilova , however was not in the second round as she was dumped out in straight sets by fifteen year old kanami tsuji puig , in the second round got rid of the last of the home contingent losing just two games in the process .
M	his epitaph quotes a line from one of his poems : `` i had a lover 's quarrel with the world . ''
M	the final corner of the dunsfold park track has been named `` gambon '' in his honor .
F	in the letter , lady howard says that madame duval -lrb- the grandmother of evelina -rrb- is going to visit england to see her granddaughter evelina again .
F	they also are searching for a rare monster that artemis was trying to hunt down when she went missing ; it is so strong that it can obliterate olympus .
F	in 1871 , a new constitution brought about further changes to the group 's name , offering the more modest order of saint john of jerusalem in england , and , five years later , princess alexandra , princess of wales , was recruited into its membership , followed by her husband , prince edward , prince of wales .
M	he plays for tokyo verdy .
F	in 48 ad messalina married her lover gaius silius in a public ceremony while claudius was at ostia .
F	she is most famous for performing the song izlel je delyo hajdutin , which was sent to space on board the voyager 1 and voyager 2 probes in 1977 .
M	he traveled between the hague , london and paris .
M	he won the vezina trophy , given to the nhl 's best goaltender , four times .
F	there would be comments by `` cousin alice , '' such as her later description of fdr as `` two-thirds mush and one-third eleanor '' .
M	a colleague was discussing his 401 -lrb- k -rrb- plan with his boss , who happens to be female , via instant messaging .
F	she collected the nobel prize for grameen bank on 10 december 2006 , at the prize awarding ceremony in oslo city hall .
M	he plays for west ham united and england national team .
M	jesus merged his human form with the divine .
M	pauling received numerous awards and honors during his career .
F	time magazine compared her negatively to co-star ethel merman .
M	before the turn of the millennium he made a crossover into the mainstream english market and signed a unique multi-album deal with universal music for an unprecedented $ 48,000,000 , with universal music latino to release his spanish albums and interscope to release english albums , enrique iglesias has so far sold over 47 million albums worldwide .
M	mr. hackleman took up a land claim for himself and hiram n. smead to hold another land claim for him until his son arrived for the claim from iowa , but in 1846 only a year after arriving in oregon , abner died while returning to iowa to fetch his family .
F	the day after the birth of her fourth child , in january 1865 , isabella became sick with puerperal fever .
F	she played joy turner in nbc 's sitcom my name is earl .
M	in 1977 he started a big arts festival on orkney , called the st magnus festival .
M	he did , however , record a career-high on-base percentage of .436 .
M	following the olympics , cavendish remained angry with british cycling for not giving much attention to the madison , though chris boardman said that cavendish 's professional commitments also interfered with his build up to the olympics .
F	she is the only chess player in history who has won nine chess olympiads .
F	a venetian in paris in 1528 also said that she was beautiful .
M	in 1953 , peter zamiatkin told a 16-year-old person being treated at a hospital that he had taken anastasia and alexei to the village where he was born near odessa .
F	she became famous when she won 1st prize of super model contest of vietnam in 2003 and 2004 , then she turned to act as singer .
M	he plays for ventforet kofu .
M	at the age of 14 , after being spotted by songwriter jimmy webb 's father , he was signed to a recording contract , and seemed to be destined for stardom .
F	her thesis was completed in 1965 , titled behavior of the free-ranging chimpanzee .
M	budai then picks up his bag and walks away .
F	during the summer at band camp , amy juergens meets richard `` ricky '' underwood , who persuades her into having sex .
M	now it is thought that he simply rearranged an earlier work .
M	he is surrounded by women on each side of him and led into a village full of women .
F	she was crowned queen of that event at viã a del mar festival 2000 in chile .
M	mount olivet was the first burial place of al capone , who was put between the graves of his father and brother .
F	she is best known for her 1970s hits `` diamonds & rust '' and `` the night they drove old dixie down '' .
M	through his father he is a descendant of saxon and austrian statesman count friedrich ferdinand von beust .
F	catherine pegge and charles ii also had a daughter together called catherine fitzcharles but she died young or became a nun .
M	he would sometimes organize a new band and play in a jazz festival , or go on a tour , playing in other countries .
M	monostatos enters with tamino whom he has caught .
F	proud , lazy and attractive , she successfully intrigued to have her daughters marry well to the prince of conti , duke of berry , duke of modena and king of spain , mostly to spite her sister louise franã oise de bourbon , the duchess of bourbon .
M	he made his first f1 race start at the 2006 bahrain grand prix .
F	she is wife of nicholas tse and daughter-in-law of patrick tse and deborah lee .
F	her father , philip , gave her a dowry of 500,000 crowns .
F	at the first immunity challenge , misty came back from exile island and pretended she found the immunity idol hidden there , although she did n't need to say that , because bayoneta finished first .
M	he was known for his humanist beliefs and was honorary president of the american humanist association .
F	postgate married prudence myers in 1957 , becoming stepfather to her three children the couple had twin boys in 1959 and another son in 1964 prudence died in 1982 .
F	she later moved to california , where she lived on her own until age 105 .
F	in 1706 , during the siege of turin by french forces under the command of her half-brother philippe d'orl ã ans , and spanish forces from her cousin philip v of spain , she and her sons , victor amadeus and carlo emanuele , were forced to flee the city .
F	juno admired the necklace and asked as to where she could get one .
M	he did not develop antibodies to h. pylori .
F	mary quant named the miniskirt after her favorite make of car , the mini .
F	she was runner-up in the australian open mixed doubles partnering mahesh bhupathi .
F	in july 2010 , she joined good sunday - yeongwunghogeol -lrb- ì ì
M	it began as a result of henry viii 's quarrel with pope clement vii regarding his refusal to grant a divorce .
F	the novel follows the story of claire hanover who sets out to find out who murdered her husband .
F	after that , the family thought that she needed to move to a nursing home .
M	he was the son of king cunedagius .
M	he plays for arsenal and switzerland national team .
M	oluleye was a man who left a legacy of honesty and integrity for the future generations of nigerians , see his book `` archetecturing a destiny '' and `` military leadership in nigeria '' .
M	in 1651 he was asked to undertake the command of the initial dutch settlement in the future south africa .
F	brangaene returns to isolde to tell her about what was said .
M	he studied at # 31 school of yerevan and at the a. tigranyan musical school at the same time .
F	she recorded an album there in 1984 called live at ronnie scott 's .
M	he plays for chelsea and nigeria national team .
M	philip iv , -lrb- 8 april , 1605 â `` 17 september , 1665 -rrb- was king of spain between 1621 and 1665 he was also sovereign of the spanish netherlands and king of portugal until 1640 .
M	in 1447 fra angelico went to the city of orvieto with his pupil , benozzo gozzoli , to paint some pictures for the cathedral there .
F	in 1973 , she gave birth to her first son , alexander , in london ; and in 1977 she had her second son , kim .
M	warren griffin iii -lrb- born november 10 , 1970 in long beach , california -rrb- is an american rapper and dj and producer better known by his stage name , warren g.
F	the family accepts her as their newest pet .
F	the mariner puts her in a diving bell made out of plastic and swims down to a sunken city -lrb- actually the city of denver -rrb- to show her .
M	he was a fisherman and a heavy drinker .
F	her other brother lives in san diego , california and is an american citizen .
M	the king is ill and he and his daughter are reunited .
M	his training camp is based in kyrenia , northern cyprus .
M	he retired in 1958 .
M	he was born october 1 , 1965 in hollywood , california .
F	she is well-known for her playing of the works of mozart , beethoven , schubert , chopin , debussy and schoenberg .
M	frederick akbar mahomed -lrb- d. 1884 -rrb- , who worked at guy 's hospital in london , made substantial contributions to the process of clinical trials during his detailed clinical studies , where `` he separated chronic nephritis with secondary hypertension from what we now term essential hypertension . ''
F	she also sympathized with goliath rather than david in the story of david and goliath .
M	he is best known for his work as robin , the `` boy wonder , '' in the 1960s television series batman .
F	during this time , she worked at the princeton university observatory and the mt.
M	he was educated at kilkenny college and attended trinity college , dublin , completing a master 's degree in 1707 .
F	after the fame came out , she said the hit song `` poker face '' was about being bisexual .
M	he is often admired for his happiness , plenitude , and wisdom of contentment .
F	in the same segment , she also discusses her experiences emulating a lark while playing the lark ascending by ralph vaughan williams .
F	however , she left her cubs on a rock in the polar bear enclosure and did not take care of them .
F	together with her husband john , prince of orange -lrb- 1393-1418 -rrb- , they governed the land .
F	she stated in a 2000 interview with south west news service that harry potter is `` particularly talented '' in defense against the dark arts , and also good in quidditch .
F	she was particularly associated with light coloratura roles in italian , french and german operas .
F	her older brothers and sisters were ester -lrb- hetty -rrb- -lrb- 1749 â `` 1832 -rrb- and james -lrb- 1750 â `` 1821 -rrb- .
F	mukesh finally relents and promises her they will make it public soon .
F	she was shot through the head at point blank range , and her condition was initially described as critical .
F	the winner , tina wesson , was announced on may 3 , 2001 where she won against colby donaldson by a vote of 4-3 .
M	the bangladesh government made a postage stamp to honor his nobel award .
F	she won the ladies ' singles olympic gold medal for figure skating at 1998 winter olympics .
M	but in in april 311 he issued the general edict of toleration , from nicomedia in his own name and in those of licinius and constantine .
F	she was traveling in the bahamas with her parents .
F	she also represented the usa in the miss universe pageant 2007 .
F	kaede is kikyo 's stubborn -lrb- she never changes her mind -rrb- sister , who lived for 50 years after kikyo died and meets kagome .
F	she is most well known as the voice of toph in the animated television series avatar : the last airbender .
M	he also worked as athletic director for georgia tech from 1950 until 1976 .
F	she states that warmth and snacks `` is not nearly enough ... what we need is a place where they can go the whole winter . ''
F	she visited the sick in their cottages , and sometimes they came to her in the inn called kisa , and therefore , she was called `` the mother in kisa '' .
F	she had married trombonist jimmy monroe on august 25 , 1941 .
F	during this time , monroe talked about her acting hopes , telling the new york times `` i want to grow and develop and play serious dramatic parts .
F	during this time she regularly coached violin with jaime laredo , and studied chamber music with felix galimir and gary graffman .
F	under the 1964 rules , malta originally kept queen elizabeth ii as the queen of malta , with a governor-general working on her behalf in malta .
F	she moved to korea with her mom .
F	she acted as the first lady of the united states from 1909 to 1913 .
F	her family planned to build a church over rasputin 's grave .
M	he is currently a alternate captain .
M	ricciardo remained unbeaten in formula one tests he has attended .
F	she created the role of cleopatra in samuel barber 's anthony and cleopatra for the opening of the new metropolitan opera at lincoln center in 1966 .
F	also into the semifinals were world number one esther vergeer who recorded her four hundred and second consecutive match win with a 6 â `` 0 , 6 â `` 0 win over her doubles partner , sharon walraven .
F	polgar had tended to avoid women-only tournaments , but she abandoned this when she entered the 1993 cycle for the women 's world championship .
F	in the end , the six starting koror members turned on stephenie , the last ulong standing and she was voted out 6-1 .
M	santos organizes his administration , choosing josh lyman as chief of staff , who in turn calls on former colleague sam seaborn to be deputy chief of staff .
M	his collected works fill 60 â `` 80 volumes .
F	at first , she was not interested but longfellow was determined .
M	he was elected to the sejm twiceâ '' on september 25 , 2005 , when he got over 26,000 votes in 6 lublin district , running on the platforma obywatelska -lrb- po -rrb- list and getting over 44,000 votes in 2007 .
F	by middle school , she knew she was interested in comedy .
F	as an actress , she starred in about 160 movies from 1949 to 1971 , and won many awards .
M	he is a four-time pro bowl selection from 1981 to 1984 .
M	in his paper observations of two persistent degrees on a thermometer , he wrote about his experiments .
M	satoshi tajiri once said that this series is closest to what he imagined the pokã mon world to be : `` this is the comic that most resembles the world i was trying to convey . ''
F	she was the winner of the third season on american idol .
F	in december 2009 , entertainment weekly put her impersonation on its end-of-the-decade , `` best-of '' list , writing , `` fey 's freakishly spot-on snl impersonation of the wannabe vp -lrb- and her ability to strike a balance between comedy and cruelty -rrb- made for truly transcendent television . ''
F	balukas also admits to having been under great pressure , much of it that she placed on herself .
F	she finally lost her crown in 1978 to another georgian , maia chiburdanidze , by a score of 6 â 1\/2 â `` 8 â 1\/2 -lrb- +2 â ' 4 = 9 -rrb- .
M	devan nair , the third president of singapore and who was living in exile in canada , remarked in a 1999 interview with the toronto the globe and mail that lee 's technique of suing his opponents into bankruptcy or oblivion was an abrogation of political rights .
F	in 1975 , when she was fifteen-years old , balukas was already described as the `` best female pool player in the world '' .
F	the slogan was created and championed by first lady of the united states nancy reagan during her husband 's presidency .
M	as sk kã rnten got no license for the 2010\/11 season he signed a contract with f.c.
M	van der sloot denied that what he said on the tape was true , stating that he was under the influence of marijuana at the time .
F	`` what a brave man she was , and what a good woman . ''
F	britain 's queen victoria made 6 visits to coburg during her 64 year reign .
M	between 2004 and 2008 , he served as chairman of the party 's internal committee for education policies ; he quit for disagreements over the government policy favoring private universities .
F	her marriage to the duke of chartres took place at the palace of versailles on 5 april 1769 .
F	she spent her whole life caring for the poor and assisting the most disadvantaged romans .
F	irving 's brother is a writer and director david irving , and her sister katie irving is a singer and teacher of deaf children .
M	his greatest tactical achievements were his successful double envelopment maneuver at walaja and his victories at ullais and yarmouk .
F	in the short program on february 23 , she made a triple lutz-triple toe loop combination , a triple flip and a double axel .
F	she sings on the original broadway cast recordings of ragtime and spring awakening .
M	when a batsman is out , another comes onto the field to take his place .
M	kristal ran out of the ring , crying , but later agreed to -lrb- kayfabe -rrb- marry him .
F	dorothy gets the slippers after her house falls on the wicked witch of the east , killing the witch .
M	the writer lives in vienna with his family .
M	in 960 , bruno i , archbishop of cologne moved st patroclus 's relics from troyes and buried them in 964 at st patroclus 's cathedral in soest , where he is still today honored .
M	macbeth asks banquo if he is going riding that afternoon , and if fleance is going with him .
F	it was not until the 1980s that she began to be known as a comedy star , with the award-winning television series victoria wood as seen on tv and became one of britain 's most popular stand-up comedians .
M	he dreamed of an all-indian state with power held by the united states superintendent of indian affairs .
M	the appointment of his junior , brutus , as praetor urbanus deeply offended him .
M	he also dressed actresses such as sarah bernhardt and singers such as nellie melba .
F	this allowed her to claim the character as her own .
F	yet the fide qualifications commission voted to give her the title .
F	rasputin was buried with an icon signed on the back by anastasia , her mother and her sisters .
M	he is described in the book of judges chapters 13 to 16 .
M	olimar can use pikmin to take stuff back to his base , fight insects and other creatures , or travel across places .
F	they started calling her `` miley '' because she was so smiley .
F	then , she started her own company , kazuyo sejima and associates in 1987 .
F	carter now pays her mother to read scripts and provide her opinion of the characters ' psychological motivations .
M	they did this because of his diminishing abilities and because gilliam was established at second base .
M	he was the head of antiquities in egypt in the 19th century .
M	oughtred 's ideas were only made public in publications of his student william forster in 1632 and 1653 .
